You know that what I do is write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for kids, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can see as a farmer or leather clothes, and no one has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and epidemics.
And you know that an epiphany is usually something that fell into some place.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an epidemic.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Boldon.
It's the complicated kind of circle I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in Stone, Ohio where I was the rare of class.
Because they were beaten up every week in the children's bathroom, until a teacher saved my life.
She saved my life by letting me go into the teacher room.
He did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought AIDS against AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I got a phone call from that teacher, Mrs. Purst he said, "I need to see you.
I'm unexpected that of adults never get us.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man who I know you've found already.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I would like you to join this please."
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland, we were in Cleveland, right.
We went to see, we laughed at us, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found a place, we interviewed it, and we care about it, and we love their family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman I wanted to meet as an adult came to me, he became a congestion box and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, had become a circle -- and that epidemic that I told you about was made in itself.
The epiphany is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save her of it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
And I need truth and beauty, and I'm very happy today that this was a lot of this.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important to me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica almost 10 years ago, and I saw my first tables.
I was amazing.
My heart slow down, I was saved, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The tablets around me were coming out of the water almost 60 feet, and I couldn't think that was about a snow copy on another snow year after year.
The tablets are born when they get rid of the glaciers or break the ice barriers apart.
Each table has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them refuse to be able to go up and go up to the end, while others can't make it more and demonstrate in a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a taxi, that are isolated separate and alone, largely as we see ourselves sometimes as humans.
But the reality is the opposite.
As a taxi melts, I'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere.
As a eardrum is dropped out of fresh water water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I came up to photograph these tables as if it would be the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these unique moments there are that way and not come back in that way again.
It's not death when they're defeated, it's not an end, but a continuation of its way through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the taxis that I photograph is very young -- it's a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years old.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are a iceberg I photographed in Keshan, Greenland.
It's a little bit frequent to get a broken taxi.
Here they are.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I would like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts to roll up, the ship has moved into the other side and the man is there.
This is a Gangot iceberg of average size.
About 120 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so you see, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every single one of you.
So, two couples each with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about the connection in yes, I'm not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm joins the X chromosome of the egg.
And in the other case, the X-ray chromosome is attached to the X chromosome of the egg.
Both of them learn and start life.
Let's go back to talk about them later.
I tend to take two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the history of anatomy.
I'm a story of training, and what I study in this case is the way people address the anatomy -- is to say, of human bodies and animals, how they've considered the body fluid, the idea of the body, what have thought about the body.
The other role that I play in my work is the activity of activist or patients or, as I say sometimes, defense of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with similar twins, two people inside the same body.
I've worked with environments with environmentalists, much lower than the average.
And I've worked with many cases of people with atomic sex, individuals whose physical psychology doesn't fit into male schools and conventional female schools.
In general lines, we can call it relevance.
The relevance adopted many forms.
I'm going to give you some examples of ways to have a sex that doesn't fit in male or female forms.
For example, it's the case of the individual with the chemical base X-ray whose chromosome Genesis and tells the protocols, we all have in the mental life, which become textiles.
And then, in the mental life, testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual is about textile receptors -- the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome of insectorian insects.
So, there are high levels of testosterone.
As a consequence, the body develops following a typically female course.
When the baby is born, the baby looks like a girl.
It's a girl. It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the breast, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes something is happening.
And after doing it examples, you realize that instead of having ovarian and the tube, you actually have testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's not really like that.
Women, like men, we have in the body something called superpower glands.
They're in the back of the body.
Surprise glands produce angry, the hormone.
Most women like me consider a typical woman, don't know its chemical structure, I think being a typical woman, most women like me are sensitive to angry.
We produce angry and respond to the angry.
As a result, someone like me has the most exposed brain than the woman who was born with testicles who have the syndrome.
So sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the substances are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some way they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago I received a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as vanishing, and I had a boyfriend, and sex relationships with her, he took a life like a boy and I just discovered that he had ovarian and the habits.
He had an extreme form of a disease known as a contagious supermarket hyperactivity.
He had 20th chromosomes and the supermarket glands were so active that, essentially, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genitals were marine marriage, their brain was exposed to the typically male hormone component of the hormone component.
I was born with a little bit of a child, no one suspected anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started having medical problems caused by internal mind, when the doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman in the inside.
Well, another example of a quick example of a case of self-organization.
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what you know as extinctions, which is to say, they have an official tissue wrapped in temporary tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are lots of sex.
The reason why kids with these kinds of bodies -- whether they are ends, signals or sympathy -- they add to normal surgeries not to be able to get better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason why you add to several surgeries is that they are a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being female is to have female identity -- supposedly, being black means having African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with category.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture to the individual.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individuals.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children born like two people inside the same body.
The most recent case is last year with the African Carrie Carrove Carroon Shamel, and he was put in the existence of the International Games in Berlin.
A lot of journalists called to ask me, "What do they look like to determine whether Case Seventh is a man or a woman?
And I had to explain to journalists that don't exist such a test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't trace a store line between men and women or between men and surgeons and women and women and women and women and women -- we are who we draw that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more we move the science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomic categories that correlate directly with stable identity categories -- are much more dramatic than we thought about.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that turns out much more complicated than the terminology allows us.
As we see, we get into a self-definition terrain.
Let's see, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What will we forget about the fact that we have a few nuclears?
And as we make progress in science we get more and more in an uncomfortable area where we need to recognize that the simplistic categories that we are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the bits of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the photos.
There are very hopeful discussions today -- maybe not in public, but I know within medicine -- about when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to look at this question of if someone was dead.
As a lot of you put a pen in front of the nose, and if you moved still they didn't get it.
If I stopped moving it out.
But today, we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them into another body.
And as a result, we need to face the dilemma to really determine someone's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And maybe you think that this explosion of categories could take someone like me.
In politics I'm a progressive, giving people a lot of unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
To build that these categories are much more unstable than we were thinking about me.
Think about the point of view of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm a farmer for the founding parents.
I know they were racists, I know they were sexuality, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did -- that I find a little bit of looking at that music made "Being "787,000 and not for music, which is totally passionate.
That's why it happened in 1776 with the founding parents.
The founding fathers were for me, the first activists of the anatomy and explained why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as they all remember, what our founding parents rejected was the idea of money. The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The old world monarchs didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of the birth of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that the political power was reached by the right of blood transmitted from grandfather to father and then the son, etc.
The founding fathers rejected that idea and replaced by a new anatomic concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They lived the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the atomic differences. That was something very radical.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of an illustrated system in which two things were going on.
He was managing democracy and at the same time that science was born.
And it's very clear, if we look at the story of the founding parents, that many of them were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were getting rid of the supernatural explanations and therefore they rejected the concept of supernatural power transmitted by a whole idea of birth of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of Independence, they talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence they were transforming us the idea of atomic coincidence.
And by doing that, they were sitting the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened next?
And women succeeded out.
I then came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people in the substance of Sustain Turkey, who said, "I'm not a woman?
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights Movement saying, "I'm a man."
Again, people of color that brought the atomic coincidence on the anatomic difference and again, they succeeded again.
We see the same with the Disability movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the coincidence.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomic divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't want to say that we should be giving up to the anatomy.
I don't mean that the five year-old children were needed to be allowed to have sex relationships or married.
There are some anatomic divisions that for me to make sense, and I think we should keep going.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep it and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two being connected to the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings -- both concepts in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day.
Imagine one of them, Mary was born three months before time -- on June 1, 1980.
Henry, on the contrary, was born in terms of March 1, 1980.
For the only fact that he was born three months before Mary was attributed all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born later.
We found other reefs in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- though I didn't tell you if it's X, in virtue of being considered man now is possible for the mandatory control that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary for his part, it doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman in some states.
So you still have anatomical categories that in various aspects are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science was so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could be defined?
I don't want to give up to science, but at the same time I sometimes feel like science is scared.
Where do we go?
It seems like what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to draw the line somewhere so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are stuck in a rare position.
For example: Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man doesn't have to have chromosomes and that to marry a woman needs to have Chris Chris.
Now, in practice they don't do chemical tests.
But this also is very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of the syndrome of inspiration to angry.
If you look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I develop a solution.
It says that we should judge people in the color of their skin, but in the content of their character, going beyond the anatomy there.
And I mean, "Yes, the idea looks very good.
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the contents of their character?
I want to point also that I'm not sure we had to be based on this to guarantee people, because I have to admit that I know some colors that are probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that perhaps some laboratories I know can make more informed decisions, intelligent and mature relationships about their sexual relationships than people from 40 who I know.
So how do you put the consumer content in practice.
It's very difficult.
And a part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could in the future will be measured with an instrument, maybe with an MRI MRI.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still going to keep making this thought stream in relation to the subject of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we will do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless he's willing to get into a sex shift, in which case you can live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked to you about a couple of years ago that he had made light twin twins and then separate them and so on and so forth.
But when the phone asked him the reason for the operation -- it was a very risky operation, and I was reminded that in that other country, these kids would be very upset, and therefore I had to do it.
And I said, "Well, has it considered political asylum.
The United States offers enormous possibilities to people to be who are without forcing them to change for the sake of state.
So I think we have to be on your head.
Well, to finish I want to say I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given more participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical, and that is that I think there can be different ideas from different anatomic types, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in the self-assembly, I've also been interested in investigating sexual difference.
And one of the things that I've been interested in are the differences between men and women in terms of the way we think and operate in the world.
And what we know about transformative studies is that women -- in average, not all of us, but on average, they tend to pay more attention to the complex social relationships and to take care of those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
And years ago, when I was in graduate school, one of my advisers who knew that I was interested in feminism -- I was considered feminist -- like now, I made a strange plant."
Tell me what it has about female female female."
And I thought, "It's the most silly question I've ever heard.
Feminist has to do with disappearing gender stereotypes so there's nothing female in feminist."
But the more I've thought about his question, the more it has seemed to me that there is something female in feminist.
That is, there could be something, in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So if the parents were very tempted to find a way to protect people from the state of the state, it's possible that, of having injected more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the recently supporting concept.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we bring democracy beyond the anatomy -- thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So while we're trying to create a more perfect Union, let's think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we thought about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where every family thinks where it wants to go to live and work, it has the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents to attract new residents.
Well, right now, we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count with a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they go much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily deliver it to the world two, perhaps hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace for apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments are already properties and that at the other half you would still fail to do it.
They could try to increase the ability to make applications in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you face is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the molecules and the distribution of construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all those apples.
But they could go to a completely new place, building a completely new apartment building building, always and when the rules of that place facilitate the construction rather than putting it out.
So I proposed that governments create new enough reform areas to contain cities and give them a name, cities under status.
I later learned that I heard about at the same time, Japan and Oil were thinking about the challenge of reformers to reform.
They knew that every year around 75 households would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009. In the summer of 2009, I went through a devastating constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, I fished Louis with a platform in which I promise reforms and at the same time.
He asked OK to be his boss of gang.
Meanwhile, I was preparing me to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perfection, trial and error and a lot of tests with users, tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that they say you can't go and bother all the current apartments of apartments.
We set up a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes so much of technologies to make progress -- and usually they are the rules that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala.
I showed it to Japan.
They called me.
They said, "Let's make this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami, in a hotel conference room.
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York -- they talk -- land that, in some cases, they are worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, OK said, "Paul, maybe we could see the video of TEDTalk talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms, that a standard city is a place where you start with the disorder terrorists, a status that specifies the rules that will apply there and an option for people to choose whether they want to go or not live under those norms.
So the president of Honduras. He called me and told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our country to move forward.
He asked me to go to Technology and talk about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denner, and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denning.
Just this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the bonds that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that means about 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody applauded constantly.
The public faces were very serious and attacks.
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk.
I have this here in my computer."
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained the essentials -- that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a choice of a city that you could go on in Hongroscopes, rather than hundreds of miles away north.
And it also involves new choices for leaders.
Because the London government leaders would need help from associated countries, they could benefit from the countries associated that would help them establish and make the standards of the structure, so that everybody could trust that the status is effectively completely.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily be a thousand square miles.
And shortly after, the 19 of January, they voted in Congress to improve their Constitution and add a constitutional device that would allow for these special development regions.
In a country that just went through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional comfort was 124 to one.
All the participants, all the factors in society, they backed it.
To include in the Constitution, you have to spend twice in Congress.
On February 17 was passed over again in another vote, from 114 to one.
Immediately after the vote, from 21 to 24, a delight of about 30 honest is to the two places in the world that are more interested in engaging in the building of cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new great center of the city that's being built in South Korea, and it's bigger than the Boston center.
All you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years getting the permissions.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow managers to come, and it would enable us to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow his Supreme Court to be the ultimate transition for this new judicial system.
There are urban artists and cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know is that they have a good number of done.
There are many companies who wanted to install in America, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there's a lot of people who would like to go live there.
There are 700 million people who say they would like to change immediately another place.
There's a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to go to get a job, sometimes they're single mothers who have to earn the money to just eat or buy clothes.
Sadly, sometimes even kids are trying to meet with their parents who have not seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it seem to be thinking about building a new city in Hongroscope?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it seem to be thinking about insisting so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my honest friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jessi, and this is my value.
But before you show them what there is inside, I'm going to make a public connection, and that is, live obsessed with the suits.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog brought back, colorful, different and different for each other.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of pulses of pulses and sentences of second hand.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my guard in the environment and in my ball.
I get to know interesting people: usually my money goes to a good cause, and my aspect is unique, and buying it into my test personal test.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it my tale?
Am I going to like color the color.
cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel that I've won.
Going back to my value, I want to tell you what I missed for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you have all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought up.
I've brought seven pairs of inner clothes, and nothing else.
Interesting clothes for exactly a week is all I've put in my value.
I imagine that it would be able to find everything else I want to use after getting here to Palm Springs.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walked for TED in inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the set for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting.
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that believe or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothes.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is called brilliant term.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see well.
You can almost always look at less than 50 dollars.
All of the together, including the jacket -- it took me 25, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Longer: color is energy.
It's almost physiologically impossible to be a bad mood, when you're looking at a bright red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: The integration is strangely.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you surround yourself from the right people, you will not only understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Microscope: Guard of the child you take in.
Sometimes people tell me that it looks like I play the springs, or I remind them to their little seven years.
I like to smile you and say, "Thank you."
Judges: The trust is the key.
If you think you look good with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see you well with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the age of 30 who really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, you don't look at you can't attract it.
So there's no excuse for anyone in this audience.
We should be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Vietnamese: A universal truth six words for you: The drone flewers go with everything.
And finally, saddlester: developing a personal and unique style is a cool way of telling the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people approached me this week just by what I was using -- and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home, Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave some things.
I don't need to go emotionally to these things, because back to the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful, brilliant suit waiting, if there's a little bit of love in my heart and looking for.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we use a scale to measure the advance of each hemisphere we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logic.
This would be somebody who's totally intuitive.
So where's your brain on this scale?
Some of these extensions would go through one of these extreme ends, but I think for most of the integrity of this audience, your brain is something like this -- with a huge amount of heads at the same time.
It's not to be mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, which just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists, we need quite a lot of logic to get these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of intuition to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition -- well, we like to play with things.
We're going to play with them, and then we see how they react. And then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
So certain intuition that you can have developed over the years is the one that says that one thing can be only in a place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, he always fell down.
But I bet that playing with that parking bar was taught by a valuable lesson, and it's that big things don't allow them to pass them, and they remain in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you are a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars -- play with these strange particles.
And when they play with their particles, they find that they make all kinds of really weird things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and called the quantum mechanical theory.
And at that point, the physics was found a few years ago, you need quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But they didn't need to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes play with them, but not much.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one saw a particle here.
But it didn't fit up well to my logical side.
Because if it's all made of small particles and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics, right?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And therefore I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see it's been in a quantum mechanical surface.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal piece I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend it a little bit. It's right in the center.
And then here we do a very big approach to the little metal tragedy.
What we see is a small little piece of metal, and it forms it to be supported in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to do this origami with form of swimming pattern that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum superpower, but it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I am in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people go up to stop doing those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually share.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The journey partners of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that shells and the wind that goes on its side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to push all the other passengers out.
And that's what we did.
We turned off the lights and then we introduced an approach and we extracted all the air, and then we cool it to a temperature of less than a degree above absolute zero.
Now, by being only in the elevator -- the little piece of metal is free to act as it wants.
So we measured their movements.
We found it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating -- and the way it was going to be a breath in this way -- like a forest that expands and contributes.
And by giving it a soft push, we were able to make it vibrate and it doesn't vibrate at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is really fantastic.
What does it mean that one thing is vibrating and doesn't invest at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In a case, all the trillion atoms that make that piece of metal are still, and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in the determines when those are flourishing.
In the rest of time they're disabled.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth holding me in a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the difference on scale between a single atom and that little bit of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why not you?
I mean, it's my logical part of it.
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was disabled in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we warmed it, and we turned out the lights and looked inside the box, we saw that the metal kept there in a single piece.
And I could get to this new intuition -- apparently all the objects in the elevator actually only are quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
It is that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep range of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amisma.
And 18 months ago I did another job in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss who is here and he allowed me to take it up.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums from nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo.
There are a lot of stories about why we did.
I think my own story is simply explained in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
I heard of a great education -- I didn't complain -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums. I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
Better than it shows the demo to then explain to you a couple of interesting things that we've taken from their launch.
So, just -- let's go to Goldman.
Look around all the museums that are.
There's the Harvard gallery -- MoMA, the Enricher, the Rimposchom, the Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Go.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, to Metropolitan, the art museum in New York City.
There are two ways of doing that -- very simple.
We click and pass, we're already inside the museum.
It doesn't matter where they are, Bombay, or Mexico, that doesn't really matter.
You're moving around and fun.
Do you want to navigate the museum.
We open the flat up, and with one click, we jump in.
They're inside, you want to go at the end of the hotel.
Keep it forward. They're divided.
Explore.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
I'm now in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The "Strangers of Peter Brown in Metropolitan.
I see the sign.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the metabolism information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images we've captured in what we call the geographical technology.
So this image, for example, contains -- I think, about 10 billion skins.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get to 10,000 million peace?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10 million pixel pixels here.
It can be done around a very simple way.
You see funny things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really wish to deliver.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting.
I walked in, and I discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I did a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan, and I actually discovered that this is a game called "an inconsistency, which is to hit an eye with a stick on the Mars of Carabia.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get more even deeper and see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to take the picture, so you'll see really what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
Best is to come, a second.
So now we're rapidly jumping to the MoMA in New York.
Here's another favorite of my favorites, "The Standard night?
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the paintings?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this master piece of thing?
It goes out and really does it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this frame, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is the night star -- I think I'd never seen it so before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are a lot more things about here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "Collections."
All of you, absolutely everyone, no matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a man, that gives the same.
You can online to create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we enter -- I've created this function that I call "the power of the Come -- we just made a shot around it.
It's about "The Falters in National Gallery in London.
You can look at things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel like contemplating these masterpieces of these teachers.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all incredible things don't really come from Google.
No, in my opinion, even they don't come from the museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital means to do justice to your artwork and that it's properly represented online.
And the big question you do today is, "You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum.
And the answer is no.
It's to complete the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a six, a flying skin.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
I'll tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian, all the kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of your bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that this is a very interesting thing about the Francisco 1 in the last two decades.
So some time ago, if you wanted to win a formula 1 race, I took a budget and I put it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the race.
This is what in engineering is called real time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components and a sensor and an acceptance.
The interesting thing is that the control systems in real time are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronics.
They're becoming computer air computers.
And, as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and accepted.
Acceleration is a big thing.
And as I noticed I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex but represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these detectors and activities are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition from Paul Anna for the last year at MoMA during the summer.
It's called "The Talk Tomorrow."
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking to us.
It's kind of like almost all the existing atoms become sensors and attacks.
And that's completely changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like the old dream of Miguel Longer.
You know, when Michelangelo Angeles sculpt the Moses -- he says that at the end took the hammer and threw it to the Moses -- he still can still see a little member -- and he said, "Be "Percent? Percent stand down?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts talking.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples: insisting in the idea of capturing the environment and cooking something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a surface summer in 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup of the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, they played Italy and France, and at the end of the day, Zip gave the head.
And anyway, at the end of the Internet.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at the activity happening in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Collid in the middle and the River Tree.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
In the early evening there are people here, and there are people out there, making calls move.
It starts the party, silence.
Olympic de France. Italy.
Interviewer: People make a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of regulating time.
First extra time, second.
Zigger, and at a moment, the head.
wins Italy, yeah!
That night everybody went to celebrate it to the center.
You see the big peak.
The next day everyone went to the center to the meeting of the winning team and the first minister of that.
And then everybody went down.
You see the picture of the place called Circle Massachusetty where, since the rumble, people are going to celebrate -- it's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how the pulse of the city is in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection -- not about people, but things that we use and consume.
Today we know everything about the procedure of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that build a Mac -- how they assemble it.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project we developed a few small tags to track the garbage in their disability by the system.
We started with a few volunteers who helped us in Seattle recently over a year ago, to label what they were looking at, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that would anyway.
And then we put a little chip there, a tag on the garbage and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
From Seattle.
After a week.
And with this information we realized that there are many inequalities in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that didn't exist.
They are happening complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we believe is that if we look at every day that the cup that we run doesn't disappear, it's still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle we run one day is still there.
That if we show people that, then we can promote some behavioral change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague at MIT, Isaac Develosity, could tell us a lot more about detecting and lots of other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mention at the beginning, which is to take over the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Zachunuca ...
It all started with a question of the city mayor that came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the use of water in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, will join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, on a workshop was, imagine that you have a cane and valves -- solid valves that open and shut down.
It creates like a water cut, with water pixels up.
If you fall up the pixels you can write in them, show patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can go through the image.
We presented this to the Bell mayor.
He liked a lot.
And he decides a commission to design the building to the expert of the Expose.
We call it Digital Water Pantheons.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows, but when you approach you so you can happen.
The roof is also covered with water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the saladis, you go down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days always will be somebody, in the winter, when you go down the roof, someone who was there and he said, "You know, they developed the building."
No, not that they have demolished it, but when almost all architecture goes down.
Here it is at work.
You see the people who are intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am myself trying to not be able to move the sensors that open water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the kids in Zachunuca came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let me happen, but a building that kept making cut and water holes, and you had to jump out to not move.
(Audience noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about the use that people will give us to our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact with, people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels, the water pixels and the projections of them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air, and each one had a little pixel that changes from color as if it was a cloud moving in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, which moves with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where it changes is light, not the position of the pixels ...
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appeared in different scales and sizes, in different kinds of resolution.
And then all of that could be a cloud of pixels on 3D to which you can zoom in, and go through, and see from very different angles.
This is the real Florida controlled -- going down to form a V, like before.
When the light goes on, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an entrance that comes from people, the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bolt, one of the best ballet dancers in today, the New York Metropolitan star and the Milo Scale, to capture their 3D movements and use them as input for the Florida.
So here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels -- the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digital in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild the whole movement.
You can run all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation with gravity.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- as a cloud of clouds -- like a brilliant calf -- but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could get everybody to get a little bit for a pixel for a single.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last couple of years is that, in the last two decades, we moved from the physical world to the digital world.
We have digitized everything like knowledge, and it's accessible across the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign was showing us, we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow it can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions, how to move from digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together in a collective way.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud they're a six.
It's a physical structure in London, but covered by pixels in London.
You can move around, have different experiences.
You can see it from the bottom, I'm going to serve to share the main moments of the Olympics of the Olympics in 2012, and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of heaven as something you can climb up, like a new top of London.
You can go into there.
As if it was a new digital face at night, but most importantly, it's going to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are?
Suppose I told you that, with only some changes in your genes, they could improve memory -- for a more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you'd like to be in better way, to be stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and safe of themselves?
What about living more with good health?
Or maybe they're from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What would you like to do?
What would you like to be able to choose something?
(Music ends) Creative. creativity.
How many people will choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
You probably owe the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many of you would choose memory?
A few more.
And the physical state.
A little less.
How about legislation?
Ah, most of them makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe it's possible?
Evolution has been a personal theme here at the TED conference, but today I want to give you a doctor of a doctor on the subject.
The great generation of the 20th century, TED. Dobbatu, who also computers in the Orphange Orphange Church, wrote a titled trial "Not in biology makes sense except the light of Evidence."
But if you actually accept biological evolution consider this: it's just about the past, or the future?
Does it mean the other or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well at an end, it is, of course, the one that interests us.
We derived from a common ancestry with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
There have been maybe 20 or 25 different species of hominids in the inside.
Some have gone back and forth.
We've been here about 130 years.
We might seem to be very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, mostly the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human insulin that is used to treat diabetes.
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein, chemically unintended, from the pancreas coming out.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take in the most bacterial gut than the cells that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think -- when Antonio Damastic tells you about the automotive -- do you think of bacteria?
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, liver, it's very cool.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want to want no effort for their parts.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional interaction of some force to the output.
But therefore, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they're essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what would the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or are they destined to become something different, something maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast symphony of the universe, life on Earth is as a brief company, the animal kingdom, as a single and unique companies, and human life, a little note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I just entered college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and the beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life, in the environmental organisms, every cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters of time.
But when the multicellular organisms show up, things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that genome happens, the rest of the body becomes predictable.
In fact, you might say that the inevitability of the death of the body comes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to talk to you that when I was a college student, I thought, well, sexuality, sexuality, death for sex -- it looked pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that happened, every single year I had more doubt.
I came to understand George Burns feelings, who still acted in Las Vegas in their 90 years.
And one night somebody hits their hotel door.
He opens the door.
And in front of him you find a magnificent limb dance dance.
He looks at it and he says, "Come on in search for a sex ship!
"It's right." He says, "I chose the sound."
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily contraction, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to stay healthy.
I wanted to recover health in disease.
I wanted to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to pass the genome to the next generation, adapt and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like refined rockets to send the genetic burden to the next orbit level, and then let me fall into the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen expressed when he said, "I don't want to achieve the immortality through my work.
I want to make it not dying.
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the biggest or the stronger or the faster and even the smartest ones.
Evolution favors the best adapted creatures to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean, the bacteria would claim that they can survive the heat of the female females that would produce -- if there were fish there, fish cooked to the vacuum, yet they've managed to do that a computer environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if you look forward to the next phase -- I would say there are a lot of possibilities.
The first one is we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that by medicine, first of all, we've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've made our environment to be adapted to us as well as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrated ourselves, and we enjoy so much that you can't have the isolation necessary for evolution to happen.
A second possibility is that this is an evolution of the traditional type, natural type, imposed by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be: that the evolutions of evolution roll down, but they're unusual.
And in the isolation of isolation when as a species we collect distant planets are going to exist the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there's a third possibility, an attractive possibility, intriguing and frightening.
I call it neurologic, new evolution, which is not just natural -- but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions that we will take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more variations than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what is chosen to individual and family level.
Think about also that if it could be possible to choose not just the sex of its offspring but in its own body to make genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could do the genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate the apple of the speech?
Would you want to do those changes in their genes.
If you look at the future that kind of changes is going to be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990, and it demands 13 years.
It cost 2.7 billion dollars.
The next year of having finished, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome to a nearby cost to 20 and in a week.
You won't need a lot to make the human genome really make the human genome for 1,000 and be more and more to the scope of all.
Those changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity.
Believe it or there is no experimental trial in course with the vaccine against the influence against the culture of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good about the table?
That's reality today and the future is going to be increasingly possible.
Imagine just two little changes.
Can you change the cells of their bodies, but what if they could change the cells of your description?
And if you could change sperm and values, or change the recently federal egg, and give your children a better opportunity of a healthier life, eliminate diabetes, eliminate Hemisphere, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who does not want healthier children.
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to adopt serious divergence -- a better memory.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennifers especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine.
Why don't you have a faster contract muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live longer.
This is going to be inexpensive.
And when we are in conditions to pass this to the next generation and we can adopt the attributes that we want to have turned the evolution of before in the neurologist.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe it happened within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to be in front of them.
Are we going to use these options in a better society, more successful, more considered?
Or, are we going to selectively choose different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring, and more uniform or more robust and more versions?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the deeper thing about all: we're going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit wisdom to make these decisions saying?
For good or for bad, and before what you might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're to 900 feet tall.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a engine by clicking click, click, click up.
Closer, click, click, click. It sounds frightening.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the 12.
It was the only one I could talk to flight assistance.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "There's no problem. We probably hit some birds.
The pilot already had looked at the plane, and we were not so far.
Manageties.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot, the pile line up the Harbor River.
That's usually not the route.
It took the motors off.
Imagine being in an airplane and no noise.
And then he said three words.
The three more disabled words I've heard.
He said, "Program for the impact."
I didn't have to talk more about flight assistance.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror. Life would end.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and didn't, all the fences I wanted to repair -- all the experiences I wanted to have and never had.
As I thought about that later, I came up with a sentence, which is, "Collection winner will be bad."
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, really changed my life.
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is while we came up with the George Washington, which was not a lot -- I thought about Wow, I really feel a great weight.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes I've tried to improve all I did.
But in my humanity I also give rise to my ego.
And the time I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who are important.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then as a measure in that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels great.
I don't try to be right. It chose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going on, "15,000 14, 13."
You see the water approach.
I'm saying, "Please go flow."
I don't want this to break up in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we went on, I had the feeling of, Wow, die not fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go, love my life.
And that sadness went into a single thought, which is, just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids growing up.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- yet.  And I scream, cry, like a small one.
And for me, that was the whole reason to be the world.
At that point, I understood those two points that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a big father.
For above all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I was told by a miracle of not dying that day.
And I became another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and go back and live in another way.
You are flying today, the challenge to imagine that the same thing happens in your plane -- and please don't look like this -- but imagine and how would you change?
What do you do, you still hope to do because they think they're going to live forever."
How do they change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents who can possibly be?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most cool thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy called TEDTalk.
TEDTalk was one of the most important faith in the 1980s.
One day he came home after he ran and said, "Dad, I feel an ant in the legs.
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TEDTalk has a total paralysis.
It can only use your eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something intricate that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony to Tony, TEDTalk, and his cause.
So I went and reunited with his brother and father and I said, "We're going to give them this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he's able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, not that -- I saw Stephen Hawking -- isn't that that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices?
And he said, "No, unless you be somebody important and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?
Does anybody see the film "The Econotic and Marine Charter?
They communicate in that way -- they're going to be running with the finger.
I said, "That's architect. How can it be?
So I was introduced with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that signed a chair that had no idea how I was going to cover it.
I was engaged with his brother and his father there at that precise moment, "All right, this is the treatment." Tony is going to talk about it, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make her art again.
Because it's ridiculous that somebody who has so much inside your inner can't communicate it."
So I talked about a couple months later.
I met these guys called GDP "Rapidal Lab, who have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface and then with a laser pointer. They draw on that and register negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that show up, they say, are part of a cycle of life.
First of all, you start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, after the attacks to Bush and, ultimately, people start to make art.
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentation.
And so I started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and so much moving things from one side we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the doors of insurance companies, and we got a machine for TEDTalk to communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking in a machine.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun -- I call it YouTube because when you talk to the guy, you get an email of him, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is great."
The other thing we did was we brought seven programmers from all over the world -- just from every corner of the planet -- to our house.
My wife, kids and I, we moved into the back garage and these hackers and programmers and conservations took the control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we were doing something completely stupid and that when we came back there would have taken the frames of the walls and in their place that would have graphic.
But for two weeks we program, we went to Venus Martin, my son was a part, my dog too, and we created this.
It's called Electronic Colorado, and you can see the description here.
These are a couple of galaxies of cheap sun that we bought in the Valenca Beach, some copper wire and Homo Department and Radio Shake.
We take a PMI camera, we open it, we put it on a LED light, and now there's a device that is free -- it builds yourself -- we publish the free code -- the software goes down in a free form.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There is no insurance company that says, "No."
There's no hospital that can say no.
Any person with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicating using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you that was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person, and that's his room.
There was all this ball and adopting during the great opening.
And then more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intensive sessions all night, Tony came back to drawing for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system in your life and it's looking through the support system of your life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the parking hospital.
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of her family and friends -- and you would imagine what was the feeling in parking lots.
The funny thing was that we had to fix in parking lot, so we felt like we were reading graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water, and somebody finally came to rescue and pull me out of there so I could respect."
Isn't it amazing?
In a way, that's our scream of war.
That's what keeps us moving, developing us.
And we have a long way to go through this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and do it.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of prizes.
Remember, it's free, none of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy, "Oh, this is great."
I Armstrong touched something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the top 50 inventors in 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up closing the circle, is that in April this year at the Geographic of the McGorina at the center of Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called "Art in the Streets."
And "Art in the Streets is going to have the best expectations of urban art, Bangladesh Faire, CATS -- all of them are going to be there.
TED is going to be in the show, which is pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you look at something that is not possible, make it possible.
None of what there is in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the Scholaria -- nothing was possible at a certain time.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with eye recognition technology, I just recognized something and I had wonderful people in order to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of us to do every day when we find something that we feel to do -- if it's not now, when. And if I'm not me, who?"
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years moving in generally difficult situations and at the same time a little bit dangerous.
I went to prison, hard.
I worked on a coal mine -- dangerous.
It filmed in war zones, difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at first, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I've been diving into situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to try and examine social issues in ways that are attractive, interesting, and hopefully analyze them in a way that you see entertainment and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the pattern wanted to do something a little bit different.
So some may have heard it, or not, a couple of weeks ago I took a bird in Ebert.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, offered the rights of the name of my TEDTalk in 2011.
What I was following -- "The Stewart Steve NGO: My TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is about and depending on content could be explained in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company to do it.
But it said, this is a very good media opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
Thank you.
It's a title in progress, by the way.
So even with that saving knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I wouldn't have been able to tell them with certainty.
But in the new film I'm working on, we looked at the world of the marketing, the advertising.
And as I said before, I've been in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could be anticipated, for something so hard or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan School: I want to make a film that is about the collection of products, the marketing and advertising, and that all of the film is funded with collection of products, marketing and advertising.
The film is going to call "The biggest movie ever sells.
What happens in "The biggest movie ever sold is that everything from the bottom -- from beginning to end, it has magnetic images, all the time, from the antibiotic that comes before the title -- the X brand for it.
Now this brand, California Stage, the Statistic Stage.
These people are going to be associated by film to perfect forever.
And so the film explores all this idea. Michael Kassama: It's reduce. Is it what? Is it red." Is it red.
I'm a redundant penguin. (Michael," I just say that. It was more for the faith.
It was "Performance."
But we're not just going to have the X-ray of the X brand on the title but we're going to make sure about putting all the categories that we could in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and it becomes the most great shoe you used to use.
The most great car you've been driving in "The largest movie ever sold -- the best thing you have devil, cortex from "The largest manufacturer of "The Mile Larger."
Daniel Korean: The idea is the idea of showing the brands as part of life, making them fund the child film? (MA: Make you fund the champion. MS: And we actually showed the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the entire film is transparency.
You're going to see all the process in this film.
That's the whole idea, all the film, from beginning to end.
And I would love that CEO helps make it happen.
Robert French: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the maximum respect for the audience.
Go! However, I don't know how recipe people are going to be.
XL: You have a perspective -- I don't know if "no any non-lethal is very negative, but you know how it's going to reproduce? (MA: No idea. David Combacc: How much money do you need to do this?
MS: A million and a half million -- DARP: All right. John Kamen: I think it's going to be hard to meet with them, but that certainly is going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands.
XL: Who knows, maybe for the moment that we get out of the movie we see as a lot of apple languages.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Rudaist: Most of the answers will be no.
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, by film or be I?
JK: Both things.
MS:  means you're not very optimistic.
So help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. MK: Okay. Awesome.
MK: We have to think about what marks you are.
MS: Yeah. (MA: That's the challenge: When you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where to go. (MA: Okay. Turn out the camera.
MS: I thought it turns out the camera meant we have a conversation outside of microphone.
It turns out the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MS: And so it was, one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought the concept of advertising was to present the product to as many people as possible, to make so many people saw it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of separate media, isn't the idea to tell that new vehicle worthy of attention that is going to take the message to the mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a grand mistake, and that mistake was this.
Actually, there was no such mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image.
See, when you look for transportation images in Google --    this is one of the first images that come up.
I like your robot, Sergey Brian. No.
This was the problem: the transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or saw -- easily understandable, which is characterized by visibility or information, especially in business practice -- being the last perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we heard a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name it, the president of the name, even the CEOs name it.
But all of a sudden, when it comes to actually making it really change.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  like that weird bear that still runs up.
It's unpredictable.   Like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it?
Take an entire bowl of Coke White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling us that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but to tell you about our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is him looking at how he used to do it, he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanted to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard Kiribati from many years -- I realized I would have to go on my own, I would have to take away the international and go to the companies myself.
So what I started to warn suddenly -- what I started to realize -- is that when you start talking to the companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, huge, giant films and others who make small, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies, giant the reason they say the reason why their films have so much successful is due to the strengthesis that they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies of Hollywood?
And the film is called "The biggest movie ever sells.
How are we going to look specifically in the movie?
Every time I am to go out, every time I open my button, you'll see the Bangalore descent.
At any point during an interview with someone I can say, "Are you good enough for this interview to this interview.
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you calm up.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview."
And there was one of these fabulous arms.
So much "Freedom Florida." Like "The Party Center is going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as a woman, solid, balloon, bathroom, whatever.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a complete look.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand.
So similar to the kind of smaller movies that you would say, we are rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that have other brand.
So do things like this, you know, remember Bang to people is the reason why this interest us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bang?
Bang is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: higher technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the axis.
Man: We talk about something audition, fresh.
I think "Freedom is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus the smell and surface.
It keeps you fresh.
How do we keep you cool for more time? With better cold, more cold, three times faster.
Things like those of you who get rid of the benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-control company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man of the street, to people like me, to ordinary fish.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your mark?
Man: My mark?
I don't know.
I like good clothing.
Woman: I'm going to revive the 1980s, pattern painting unless it's a drug day.
MS: All right, what is the Greek brand mark?
George Greek: Something unique. (MA: One: I guess the kind of gender, the style that I have would be like a dark glamour.
I like dark colors, many gray and things like that.
Usually I take access like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar people.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic conversation, Merced Benefits.
Man 2: The brand I am called case flight flight.
Woman 2: In part of the hippie part of it, in part of the Girl Brooklyn, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of mass.
I'm going to come toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is Federal because I put the market.
Man 5: Mark a failed stranger.
Is that something?
Abidnet: I'm a lawyer.
Tom Tom."
MS: Well, not all of us can be Marcus, but I often apologize to the intersection of dark glamour and car flight.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the marker "abuntions: "the market design."
And I found a company called Olympic Zambia in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Neil, Fergue, Hallmark to discover that personality.
If you could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Abilitary, transports the photos, right?
MS: Yes. The first picture is a family photo.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live in, like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things come up and start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is "This was the best day of my life."
Now, how does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I want to be me.
I like different things.
I like the weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me about "Why is that?
What's the machine? In what phase you find now?
Why is it important? What does the red do?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little more of you, which is not who you are.
What other metaphors have you ever have?
You don't have to be afraid -- what kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: H." (Audience: Thank you.) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patient. MS: Great job. A, yeah. (MA: Thank you very much. All right.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness.
Lindal Zalmoisth: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but complicated, in your brand personality -- the Morgan March brand is a conscious brand.
They're very well built together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or the other rather than focusing on both.
A lot of companies have -- and it's human nature -- to avoid the things that they're not safe -- they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them chains and make them become positive to you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are that?
The first here is the classic one, Apple.
And you can also see here to Tarahuse, Wei, Minister Courage and Betty.
Now there are the playful brands and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and come but a confident brand is quite powerful.
MS: A confident brand. What's your mark?
If somebody asks you to describe your brand identity, your brand personality personality -- what would it be?
Are you a strength attractive? Are you somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you rather a distributed attribute?
A little more called ready, reserved, conservative?
The architecture attributes are like being a policy being fresh like the Prison, contemporary contemporary, advertising, air or bold like Erab Florida, fast or agile -- professional, magic or mystic like Gandhi.
Or are you rather about an artificial artifact?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like "a 700?
Are you settled, traditional, protective protection: Do you relate to Open with Opera?
Are you confident, stable, family -- confident, secure, sacred or wisdom -- like the Dalai Lama or YouTube?
In the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, and and descending and descendants, they said no, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control on the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of neuroscience, and we came to tell the story in this movie of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the desire centers in the brain so much for commercial marketing as for film.
We went to San Paulo where they've banned advertising in the free air.
All over the last five years there are no values, no posters, no volcanoes, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing way in schools with language problems in America.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or the ones I've had more successful are those of you who have interacted with things directly.
And that's what these marks did.
They took the international, they took their agencies, and they said, maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to make people, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how has it gone? Did they have success successful?
Well, since the film gets stuck at the Second Festival of the Union -- let's take a look.
According to Brooklyn the film is going on in January, and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers only a couple of two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press or TV.
The movie is still not distributed yet.
It's not online. It's not in a strip.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad because almost all of the agencies that we talked about with their clients won't be part of it.
I've always believed that if you risk you, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you take people out of that they're pushing them into failure.
I think when you train your employees at the risk of the risk you're preparing all their company to lack reward.
I feel that what has to happen to move is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to be afraid of the opportunities that they can scare them.
Ultimately, to move forward, I think we have to give rise to fear.
We have to put that bear into a cage.
We opened the fear. We opened the risk.
From a cockroach at a time, we have to embrace the risk.
And in short, we have to fix transparency.
There is more than ever a little bit more than ever a little bit of honesty is going to go to a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "We "Are Transportation, has been presented by my good friends of EMG who were in 1706, bought the rights of the name in Ebert.
EM: turning big data into big opportunities for companies around the world.
EMG presents "We "Forest Transportation."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So Morgan, on behalf of the transparency, which happened exactly with those 17?21567:
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a name of the name of the TED matrix, the Saclotic Foundation, a chair for 7,000 to be applied to my TED assistant next year.
The idea behind the computer genomic worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
His biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the Urban engineering plant in Nathan.
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
If we manage to compromise these systems that control speed and valves -- we can cause a lot of problems with the center.
Grandmother boxes don't use Windows software -- they're completely different technology.
But if we managed to put the Windows effective virus in a portable computer used by an engineer to keep this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Starculous.
We started with an unacceptable Window.
The garden entered the gray box, dad the center, and the Iranian nuclear program is slimbled, which is a mission.
It's easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started investigating about Stanford six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part of the Windows -- the installation used multiple vaccination values.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Star and we saw what happened with this.
So they went through very strange things.
Star behaved as a lab rat that he didn't like our cheese -- the wave, but I didn't want to eat.
I had no sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese flavors I realized, and I thought, "This is a targeted attack.
It's completely conductor.
The installation is actively looking at the gray box if it finds a specific configuration and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
If not, Stereo does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working in this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It could be, let's say for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
We better would discover the goal soon.
So we went out and we displaced the attack code, and we found that I was structured in two digital bombs -- a little bit and a big one.
We also saw that they were armed very professionally by people who obviously had all the internal information.
You know all the points that I will attack.
You probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the State install is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attacking code.
We're talking about about 15,000 code lines.
It looks pretty much like the old assembly language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we were looking for at the beginning were called the systems of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we looked for temperatures and data structures, and we tried to relate to them with the real world, with the potential targets of the real world.
We need theories about diseases that we can play or describe.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent satisfaction, it must be a valuable white, and it's surely located in Iran because it's where most infection has been replaced.
You don't find several thousands of targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the nuclear energy plant of Bushwa and the National Engineer English.
So I said to my assistant, "The "Real A list of all experts in confrontations and energy plants between our clients.
I called them and I consulted them in an effort to bring their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital snow with the control of the robot.
The rotor is that mobile part of the cell, that black object you see.
If you drive the speed of this rotation, you can certainly turn it up and even make the center explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and decline in an obvious effort to return to the nest maintenance engineers so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We tried to decipher the big digital embry looking very closely at the data and their structures.
So for example, the number of 160 stands in that code, you can't obvious.
I started researching scientific literature about how these confrontures are built in Nathan and found that they're structured in what's called a waterfall and every waterfall contains 160 centers.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it became better yet.
These facilities in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code?
It's an almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So I didn't have the marriage."
The results have been found after several weeks of hard work.
We usually ended up with no output and we had to start with.
And yet, we discovered that both digital children would put a single and same goal, but from different angles.
The small child is taking a waterfall and making the rotations spin and raising them, and the big child communicates with six waterfall and manipulating valves and manipulation.
In short, we're very confident that we have determined what the distribution is.
It's Nathan, and it's just Nathan.
We shouldn't worry that other goals are hit by Starcul.
So here I show you some very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and you see the confrontures up.
What this thing does is to intercept the values of the sentences of the sensors, for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code, which still executed during the attack, with false input data.
And believe it or not, these fake input data is made by Starcul.
It's like the Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera is fed with preventable video.
It's great, "Oh?
The idea here is obviously not just to build the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to build a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the great steam turbines goes out of speed, you have to open up escape in a milliseconds.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're engaged, then you can pass bad things.
The plant can explode.
And or the security system is not going to be able to see it.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is generic.
It has nothing to do, specifically, with confrontations, with uranium engineering.
It could work too, for example, in an energy plant, or an automotive factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have a attack -- to design this load with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Starcul.
You could also use conventional worms of worms to disseminate it.
Give it the most possible.
And if you do that, what you end up is with a charity of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We need to face the consequences and better than we start preparing now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Raillight, it's made public in many sides that people assume that the Moses is the main entities behind this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Lene: Okay, really want to hear this?
Yes. Okay.
My view is that the Mose is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber survival.
There is one single one, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately lucky.
Because, otherwise our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you for attacks. Thank you, Ranaka.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and make sub-Saharan skills -- or another one that makes users of wheelchair closes go back and walk back.
At Berlin Bigs we call these robots, experts.
They are nothing different from something that goes on in the morning, gives you a big strength, that also increases its speed, and helps you, for example, to drive the balance.
It's actually the true integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- you can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other external ones.
This is not an irrational idea.
To show you now in what we're working on, we start talking about the American soldier that, in average, it has to take on his back a 45-year-old load of payload -- and it's being demanding even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries in the back, 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to take this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help handle the issue.
Let me introduce you the HIV/AIDS -- or County Carries Country Country.
Soldier: With the HIV exoskeleton I can cut 90 pounds per variable land for many hours.
His flexible design, it allows you to put out in clinics to get off and execute movements with great agile.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increases my force and my resistance.
Ethiopia Bentrown: We're ready, with our industrial partner to produce this device, this new experts, this year.
So that's a reality.
And now I look back at the emergency wheelchair users, about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people roughly, in wheelchair chairs, around the world.
It's about one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation of it.
We talk about something that happens with frequent people, very young people, with damage in the vertical column that by starting their life -- at the age of 20, 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall, and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option.
We also talk about the population that makes it quickly multiply quickly.
His only choice, many times -- by a brain injury, or some other complications -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been so over the last 500 years, from their successful appearance, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter on mobility.
Let me introduce you the ELAMs who are using Amanda Bortan who 19 years ago had a lesion in the vertical column, and as a result couldn't walk for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Bolt: Thank you.
EB: Amazon is using our ELAMs, which I mentioned.
It has some sensors.
It's completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the computer computer, here in the back.
There are also some batteries that give energy to the motors in the hip. And on the knees and make it move forward with this soft and very natural sense.
AB: I was 24 at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, skiing down it completely cardifying.
In a fraction of second, I lost all sense and all the movement of the dust down.
Shortly later, a doctor came into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Stand, you'll never walk back again."
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole to the last hint of hope of my being.
The adaptation technology since then has allowed me to learn how to move down in schools, scale rocks and even ride in hand bicycle.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change future generations -- not just of soldiers, but Amanda, and all the users of wheelchair chairs, everyone.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battery, practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the festival of Man Arabic or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of the wild Bonobo forests of Congo.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living lives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've done too much happy in this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big guys, threatening, Bonobo society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where deadly violence hasn't been observed yet.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understood.
They live in the depths of the Congolese rainforest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the triangle itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been produced for decades and caused almost as many deaths like the First World War.
No wonder that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
The meat meat trade and deforestation makes you not fill a stadium with the bonobos that are in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the hidden laughter by making the trees.
Who are these primes?
We know them as the signals "I "do love, not war -- because they have frequent sex and primary and bisexual to handle conflicts and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all of humanity problems because the life of the Bonobo is more than the Khmer Sustain.
Bondanes, like humans, love to play along their entire life.
To play is not just a child's game.
For us, and for them, the game is fundamental to establish links and promote tolerance to it.
With him we learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with generation of diversity, diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity.
And when you look at the baby game you see the evolutionary roots of laughter, dance and human ritual.
The game is the glue that binds us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos of the wild.
First of all, it's a Bonobo steal game, and I don't talk about football.
Here's a female and a young male in the middle of a persuasion.
Look what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, "You've got it out of the balls."
I just think that in this case he loves it, right?
Yes.
So sexual play is common as well as humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to the game -- like telescopes -- and also how play requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it's the most fun.
But play is policy.
The game is policy, it can adopt many ways, some of which are more transition, imagination, curious -- maybe the place where the awe of wonder.
And I want you to see -- this is Funny, a young female who is playing with water.
I think as her, we sometimes play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and external worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of the understanding that bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that the game is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, the game is our adaptation common.
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But will we leverage our game capability?
Play is not freedom.
The game is essential.
For Bonobo and humans alike, life is not just cruel and deleted.
When it looks like the least appropriate to play, you can be the moments that it's the most urgent thing.
So primary peers, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we reduce creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I am responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin House.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I combine fire as a captain of captain in a volunteer fire body.
And in our city, where volunteers get a highly qualified staff one has to get to the site of the fire very soon to get into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability of going.
But there was still a career against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the capital, I was locked up in a conversation with the property that no doubt would go through one of the worst days of his life.
We were in front night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a paradox, in piece, and his house was in flames.
The other volunteer I just arrived before I -- let's call it --  -- he got first to the captain and he asked him to go and save the dog of the house.
The dog, I was so clean."
There he was a lawyer or a management of money that, for the rest of his life, I would have to tell people who walked into a building to save a living self only because I earned for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me an administration.
He said, "Becks, I need to go into the house.
I need to go up, go through the fire, and bring this woman a couple of shoes."
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected but I was -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hall, went to the actual firemen that at that height more or less had finished turning off the fire and entered the main room in search for a couple shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back to the ladder where I met my Numbers and the main dog on the front door.
We pulled out of the house the theory for the house of house where, as it was to expect, their treasure.
A few weeks later, the department got a letter from the owner of house thanking for the brave effort demonstrated to save his house.
The kindness that she looked at the other was that somebody had gotten a couple of shoes.
So much in my voice at Robin House as in my voice as a volunteer fire -- I'm witness of the acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also of the acts of grace and courage.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So, when I look in this room to people who have achieved or they're about to do, remarkable levels of success, I'd like to remind you this: don't expect.
Don't wait for the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give, give it now.
They serve food in a dining command, clean a park of the neighborhood.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's lives, but every day we're going to be able to influence someone's lives.
So they train the game. They save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, back.
Mark Bergeosh! Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1886 with a very simple idea: celebrate modules from a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build bigger things than us, as buildings or bridges, a brick at a time.
So essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, to LED came up with this.
It was called automatic assembly salmon.
And in a few years, LED bricks.
It's estimated that they've made more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges or buildings or houses.
LED made it accessible.
LIGO just adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and it turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce -- the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick stored from each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block, the transistor allows a lot bigger and more complex circuits -- a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference, the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing engineers into the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Locketus.
Let me show you how they work.
Lockets are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're projected to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about everything is that they come together.
So you can't get it wrong.
Ladies have a color code.
The green is the company, the blue is the current, the pink is the entrance and the orange color is the wind.
So you only have to assemble a blue with a green and very rapidly you can start making older circuits.
A blue with one green produces light.
We can put a button in the middle, and we have a regulator.
If we change the button by a pulse module that's here, and now we have a light interface.
We added this picture to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'll stop this.
So beyond the simple game, Liters are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and soldiers, Letteria allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make it faster or slower, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Lockers is that it's a growing collection.
We want all of the interactions in the world to be reduced by bricks ready to use.
Lights, sounds, solar panels -- motors, it must be accessible.
We've given Louis to children to see them play with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best is how you start to understand the electronics of every day that doesn't learn in schools.
For example, how a light of night, or why the door of a elevator is kept open or how an iPod responds to the touch.
We've also taken Lockers to design schools.
So for example, designers without experience are starting to play with Liters as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and pill bottles -- we have George creating George.
(Music sounds)  So a few weeks ago, we took Lockers to the design school designers of Rhode Island design School who have no experience in engineering, just in cardboard and wood and paper and said, "Make something.
Here's an example of a project that you've done, an active conference of movement.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a long-term long standard that has a fear of darkness.
For these not engineers, Lockers became another material, the electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be at the rise of all.
So Literans has open source.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and make them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world we live, this interactive world, is ours.
So go ahead and invent.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company seeks to engage with the environment, focusing on the environment.
This is distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait for a moment.
You can delay a little bit in charge.
We can continue better we leave the video on one side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, I am afraid time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that they are supposed to detect, we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called Coast for America, and they would be like a Peace Peak Country.
Let's select some members every year and put them to work with the municipals.
Instead of sending them to the Third World we send them to the world wildlife.
They made big applications. They worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
Meet Alex.
A city of the city of Boston.
Here it appears as if I look for a quote, but what I really look for is that somebody is cleaning it when you get caught by the snow because he knows it's not very good at turning fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to ask him to help this way so single?
Last year in Boston we had a team of members of Council for American.
They were there in February, and at that time I had a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these heads.
But one of the members called Erik Microsoft noticed something more than citizens cleaned up the sidewalks right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a headline.
You accept to clean it when you snow.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case there was Alex.
If you don't do it, someone can steal it.
So it has a players' component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 programmed applications last year.
But something that no other government technology is doing.
And it spreads in a viral form.
A responsible for the city of the city of Honoone when you see this application realized that he could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt tsunami.
It's very important that these tsunami signs work, but people are stealing the batteries.
That's why it asks citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens wake up the draws taped.
And Chicago just launched it to make people register to clean sidewalks when they snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has spread without friction and organic and natural ways.
If you know a little bit of government technology you know that this doesn't happen.
The software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool so that parents could choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that we had done it for normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there is a project in the Japanese power of California that all the way has cost 2,000 billion dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this on every level of government.
So an app that's programmed in a couple of days, and it spreads in viral form is a kind of airplane of warning to the institution of the government.
It suggests the government better ways to work, not as in private companies, as many people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather like the Internet itself.
That is to say, without restrictions in an open and generous form.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents a way to address the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an anti-computer institution, but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good because it turns out that we are very good for the collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only Coast for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They have not been given to the government.
They feel a great frustration before that, but they don't complain -- they fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost from sight.
And that is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the row on the DMC -- and all of those other things that make us crazy -- the government is, essentially, in the words of Tim Ohlan: "What we do together because we just don't can."
Now, many people have abandoned government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to recognize it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change. The government is.
And because the government at the last instance of us -- remember that of "Our People -- how to think about it to affect the way we produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought the government was to choose people to get charges.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is, above all, a matter of cars.
This is the phone care center of services and information.
It's the place that you have to take calls if you mark 311 in America.
Scott took this call.
Internet Zerocco in the basis of official knowledge.
I found nothing. It started with animal control.
And he finally said, "Hey, can you open up the doors in the house, put a good good music and see if it go?
And it worked. So well by Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the armed.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and web and mobile phone, called City's Connective.
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very clever people from the New York Museum of Boston.
One day, this happened really, this say, "Brian in my garbage cube -- I don't know if it's dead.
How do I take it off?
The dynamic of City's City's dynamics is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In City's Connecticut, it's all public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I walked into the place, found the garbage cube behind the house.
Barachi? Yes. Life? Yeah. Yes.
I turned the cube back. I went home.
Good night, a card flag."
Quite simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of digital and physics.
And it's also a great example of the income of government to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technological definition of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to be submarine and help others.
So a citizen helped another but here the government had a key role.
I connected the two people.
And I could have connected it with the government services of being needed but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we turn the communities.
If we call animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about government is it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but think that one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then hope that government reflects our values and satisfy our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 feet.
The bottom is what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it's that disappointment that keeps us that belongs to us that we fund as something that operates on our against that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People believe that politics is sexy.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make the bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government works.
We have to collaborate with government machinery.
That makes the October movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens who have written a very detailed report of 32 pages in response to the fish of the SETI -- on the financial reform project.
That's not political activism -- it's bureaucratic activism.
And for those of us that we've been resistant to the government, it's time we wonder what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the enormous challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really believe that we will get where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all of all?
We can't get government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the government function so that it can expand to fund civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act manifest, only to articulate systems in the right way.
The age age of our members is 28 years, so I am a higher generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about.
You can express your opinions in any channel at the same time and do it.
So when you face the government problem don't really care about making their voices heard.
They're using the hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make government better.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning a humble down, taking away bads, dumping a garbage cube that has a child inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those strands and a lot of people do it.
But these applications are as digital memories that we're not just consumers -- we're not just government consumers that pay taxes and we get services.
We are more than that; we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all of the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will be a crowd of voices, or are we going to be a human multiple?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and on death row.
I've spent most of my life in marriage communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And it's going to be here at TED watching and listening to these states has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that are told here have impact around the world.
In occasions, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have any other way.
I say this because I think identity is really important.
Here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach them with feelings, they can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, it was if it's cartoon, it can get much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional African-American family from a marketing, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in all discussions in the family.
She started a lot of the decisions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in Virgon slavery about 1840.
She was born about 1880 and his experience with slavery the way I saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also love.
When I was small and I looked at her, she came up and gave me a good hug go.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I got out.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, and he came back and said, "Bruno, still my arm feel?
And if I said no, I was grabbed again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
He had this human quality that made you always wish to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the lower of the 10.
In occasions, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I woke up a morning, I went to the room and there were running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
And he looked at it and he smiles him, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she stood up the room, and he grabbed my hand and he said, "You see Brian -- the two are going to convert."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and said, "Broadly, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone.
I said, "It's okay, Mamma."
She said, "Now make sure you won't do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, looked at me and said, "I want you to know I've been looking at you."
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise three things, Brian."
I said, "Security, Mamma."
And he said, "I first want you to promise me is you always want your mother."
Ad, "She is my daughter, and you have to promise that it will always be careful.
As I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Mamma, I'll do it."
Then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise is that you will always do the right thing as the right thing is hard."
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mamma. So I'll do it."
Then he finally said, "The third thing I want you to promise is that you never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mamma, I'll do it."
I grew up in the field, in the rural south -- I have a brother a year older and a sister a year.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a six beer package -- I don't know where I took them, grabbed my sister and me and went to the forest.
We just got the crazy.
He took a beer ship, he offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me.
I said, "No, no, no. All right. You go, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today you do, and you always do the same thing as us.
I already took something, your sister too. Take a beer.
I said, "No. I wouldn't feel good. You can go."
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What happens? It takes a cereal."
I was blown up with strength and he said, "Oh, not to be that you're still thinking about the conversation with Mamma."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Mary tells all the grandchildren that are special."
I was declined.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this is going to be widely spreading.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit that I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking it's a virtue, I say it for the power that identity is.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to others who really don't see any sense.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe to be able to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been prisoners during the biology.
My uncles died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that we had to do with, we had to commit in.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
There are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in conditional freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has changed fundamentally our world.
In poor communities or black, it finds so much desperate, so much despair.
One in three black blocks between 18 and the 30 years is in jail or in the conditional freedom.
In urban communities all over the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Balloot, Washington, 50 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 of all the young colors are in jail or in the conditional freedom.
Our system is not just distorted in front of the race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that is much better if you're rich and guilty, than if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilty, but wealth that makes the results.
And we seem to feel very transitional.
The politics of fear and the war makes us believe that these are not problems.
We are disconnected.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work in some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you give you rights forever if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has actually lost the right to the vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years the loss of rights will be as elevated to as it was before the law of the right to vote.
We have this incredible silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
The United States is the only country in the world where you feel 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for kids, no possibility of coming out.
Now we are in a process of some literary.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in the death row.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In a sense, have we been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for commentary crimes?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way of looking at it -- it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for the crimes that are built, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by mistake.
Out of every nine people executed -- it's been identified by one that is innocent and released from death rain.
An error of error -- amazing, an innocent of every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation it wouldn't be allowed to play airplanes if every nine they would deliver, you would be startled.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of if we deserve killing.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I talk about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the rebuilding and led to the Second World War.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by terror.
In many communities people were afraid to be listed.
They worried about being bombard.
The threat of terror was what he defined his lives.
Now there are older people who come up to me and tell me, "Mr. Stevenson, you say talk, you make speeches -- I tell people to stop saying that in our history we were dealing with the first time with terrorism, after 1910."
They ask me to say, "No. Say we grew up with that."
The age of terrorism went on, obviously, with security and decades of racial and separation.
In this country we have a dynamic why we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood what we historically have done.
All the time we collide each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us work to talk about race -- I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial security without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving talks about death penalty posts.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's good to hear what you say."
Ad: We have no death row in Germany.
We will never be able to have it here."
The room stayed in silence and a lady said, "There's no way that with our story, we could never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we are, intentional and deliberately, we were going to get out to execute people."
They thought about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would take people, especially if they were in their majority Jews?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be ironically.
And yet, there's this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really worry about these things that are so difficult, positive and wonderful things are yet implemented.
We love innovation.
We are fascinated by technology. We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are engaged by suffering, abuse, degradation. Manager.
In my opinion, you need to integrate both things.
We talked about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of life in this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking about and talking about the poor, the appearance, the ones that will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside our self.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are -- despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
The innovation, the development comes not just about brain ideas.
These things come from ideas to the heart conventions too.
This connection of mind with the heart is what drives us to look at not only the brilliant and disabled, but also the dark and the difficult thing.
Valley Haiti, the great free leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression -- we wanted all sorts of things, but mainly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a willingness to be in despair sites and be testimony.
Well, that orientation for spirit is pretty much in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED, it must commit us.
There is no connection related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to excellence, to inequality.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's go back to them.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Parks.
These women are just meeting to speak.
Occasionally, lady Carroll called me, to say, "Brian, comes Dr. Park Paradox. We're going to meet to talk about.
Do you want to come and listen to us?
I said, "Be lady. I do."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you come from?"
I said, "You hear it."
So I went and I just heard them.
It was very vegetable, very illuminating.
And in an occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks led to me and said, "Now, Briga, tell me that it's that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving me my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We tried to help those who have been convicted of an alarming problem.
We tried to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We tried to end up with the feelings of life, without parole.
We try to do something about death penalty point.
We tried to reduce population in jail.
We try to end the mass inconstants.
I gave him all my best speech, and I ended up looking at me, and he said, "My MIT Mmm."
And he said, "You will get a stream, very closed."
At that time, Ms. Carroll leaned up, put my finger on the face and said, "That's why you have to be very bad: it's very cover."
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more value.
We need to find a way to address those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each one of us is higher to the worst we have built.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if somebody takes something that doesn't belong, it's not a lander.
Even if somebody kills another, it's not that it is a killer person.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also think that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
It isn't.
I really think that in many parts of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic. It's very beautiful, very illegal, is not going to judge us by our technology, by our designs, not by our intellectual or rational ability.
In the end, you judge the character of a society, not because of the way they treat rich and powerful and privileged but the way they treat poor people, the condoms, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand really profound issues about what we are.
I feel experimental. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
I'm tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my responsibilities in a major way.
I've been representing these guys who have been sentenced with a lot of drug.
I go to jail and I see my 13 and 14 years clients that have been trained to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn to somebody who isn't it?
The judge made it as an adult, but I see a child.
One night too late was wake up thinking -- for God, if the judge can become something you don't are, you should have magic powers.
Yes, Briga, the judge has magic powers.
You should ask some of that.
As I was too late, I couldn't think correctly, but I started working on a machine.
I had a 14-year-old client -- a tiny, poor, black.
I started working on the machine, with an embryo that said, "Mosque for my 14-year-old black to be treated as a 75-year-old privilege of a 75-year-old exercise.
In the action I put that there had been independent behavior in the access, in the behavior of the police and the process.
There was an old line on how in this country there is no ethic but a whole lack of ethics.
The next morning, I woke up thinking that insect machine would be a dream, or actually write it?
For my horror, I didn't just have it, but he had sent it to the court.
About two months, I had forgotten it.
And finally I decided, "Oh God, I have to go to the cutting for this stupid case.
I went into the car and felt really banker, overwhelmed.
I went into the car to court.
I thought this would be very difficult and small.
I finally pulled out of the car. I walked to court.
I was going up the stairs when I found a greater black man -- it was the course of court.
When he saw me, he came up and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer: he said, "Are you a lawyer? I said yes.
And then I came up and hugged me.
And I whispered in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was vegetable.
That was deeply connected with my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
By the way, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stevenson, did you write this look material?
I said, "Be Mr. I was me." And we started to discuss it.
People started getting there. They were all discovered.
I was the one who had written those crazy.
They came up with the police fiscal photographs, the authorities.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people. All of the fun because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the obese of the eye, I got to see the courage that I went and came.
I looked at the window, and he was hearing all that graduate.
I kept walking here and there.
Finally, this old black black, with conservation face, entered the room and sat behind me, almost at the laboratory table.
About 10 minutes later, the judge gave a recession.
During the break, a state of the algorithm was forced because the company had entered the room.
The attendance was analyzed on the old black.
He said, "Jim, what do you do in the audience room?
And the old black boxes stood up, looked at the assistant, looked at me and said, "I walked into this audience room to tell this young man who kept his view in the goal with failure."
I have come today to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large, but it folds up to justice.
That we can't really be humans evolved if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is linked to each other.
That our vision of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must be linked to the fractions of fractions, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of the people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal with fire.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire in the audience, of this community, to help in your purposes.
Something that's not a chart. What can we do?
JS: There are several different opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referendum this spring in which an effort is going to be able to fix the funds that are spent today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars in death row in the next five years.
And despite this, 46 percent of the homicide cases don't conclude in arrest.
65 percent of the rapes don't get to anything.
Here's an opportunity to change.
This refrigerator is going to propose that these funds are spread to make the law, to safety.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in creativity in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation is said that it has to do with the highest incarceration rate.
What would you tell those who think it is?
JS: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The big growing growth in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's for the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase comes into the prison population.
And we let us convince the rhetoric of punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people into a perpetual chain -- by stealing a bicycle, by small crimes against property instead of making those resources come to their victims.
I think we need to do more to help victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Briga, you have excited us here today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you so much for having TED. Thank you.
Locker: They grow the threats for Bin Laden's death.
Local 2: Hammurd in Somalia. Announcer: The police 3: The police are running O.C.
Lucope 4: Carters applesed Carters. Announcer: Moral Cross.
Local Six." Such social decline. Luck 7: 65 dead.
Local 8: Talk of tsunami, Local 9: City.
Several supplies: War. Marine destruction. mass destruction. Torture.
recession. Bank. Final Japan. Egypt. Egypt.
crisis. death. disaster.
Oh, my God.
Peter Diagons, these are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months -- they could hardly be from the last six days or in the last six years.
The idea is that the press media prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of every day our senses get much more data than the brain can probably process.
And as nothing more than survive, the first couple of all of those data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called ambition.
Amazing is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
Order and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us damage.
So for a dozen stories we will prefer to look at the negative.
That old show of the press, "If there's blood, selling, is very true.
And because all digital devices give us a negative news about seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it is not surprising we are pessimistic.
It's not surprising that people think that the world is wrong in worse.
But maybe it isn't.
Maybe instead of change, what really happens is we get distributions.
Perhaps the enormous progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating in such a way that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- climate change, species extinction -- the scale of water and energy, without doubt.
As human beings are very good at embracing problems and, at the long time, we ended up with them.
Let's look at what happened in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average of life has more than doubled, average per capita income has tripled.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, of transportation and communications has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that global literacy went from 25 to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to get higher and taller.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, much of the people living under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators and metaphors, air conditioning and cars.
The magnetic barrels of the cause of the past century, the planets on the planet would never have dreamed of such luxury.
Taking a lot of this is technology and lately its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that runs in information technology jump in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubling the price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
And so the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First of all, how smooth it is, in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession and agreement.
It's the result of quick computers used to build faster.
It doesn't stop before the big challenges.
And although it's graphic in a law on the left, it's curved up up.
The growth rate of technology is getting faster and faster.
And in this curve, unlike Moore's Law House, there are a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we tell today.
The computer in the cloud, that my Australian friends call infinite computation, sensors and networks, robotics, 3D printing and their ability to democratize personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuel, vaccines and food, digital medicine, nanotubes and Abahes.
I mean, how many saw the victory in "Jeopardy" from Waters from IBM?
It was picture.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline that would be.
And I loved this one: Watson sells human oppositions.
"Jeopardy" is not an easy game.
It plays with the mathematics of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone on the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Linux University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the big challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company, or a product or service, that can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have sounded absorbing.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for every single planet on the planet, is about creating a life of how possible.
It's about taking that which is scarce, and it will get it based.
You see, scarce is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story of Napamene Iran in the middle of the 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
He invited the king of Symmetric.
Nobel troops ate with silver, and the same Napamene, with gold.
But the king of Simon, I ate with aluminum covers.
You see, aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet -- it's worth more than gold and plastic.
That's why the tip of the monument to Washington is algorithm.
You see, even though aluminum is 83 percent of the mass of the Earth, it doesn't come as pure metal.
It's bound by oxygen and silicon.
But then the electronics came and made the aluminum something so cheap that we used it as it was disabled.
We project this analogy to the future.
Let's think of energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet for 5,000 times more energy than we used in a year.
You get to the Earth 16 ministers of energy every 18 minutes.
It's not about scarce, but accident.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generation of the device -- eight rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity will cost six cents the kilometer per hour compared to the 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have energy abundance we also have water abundance too.
Let's talk about wars in the water.
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed out the Voyager Space Spanish spacecraft, in 1990, after Saturn went?
I took a famous picture. How did it call it?
"A blue dot black?
Because we live on a planet of water.
We live on a planet that was covered by 70 percent by water.
Yes, 97 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fight for 85 percent of the water on the planet, but there is a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
The nanotechnology comes, the nanotubes.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the brick -- I would like to share with you, I gave me permission to do that -- his technology called Slime -- you know, it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water a day from any source of any source -- salt, contaminated water, a outhouse -- for less than two cents a gallon.
The president of Coke just agreed to make an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have full confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola will implement it in 2007 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation that's enabled by this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
Oh my God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world by the end of 2013.
Think about it, that massive warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to count a smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of abundance and communications that nobody could have predicted before.
better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars of GPS, video, images, libraries of books and music, doctor diagnosis technology -- now they are definitely destructive and lost market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes when you run the health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Complete Complete Foundation, which is about 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the world teams in order to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk with, and because it has AIDS, they can make, they can extract blood from the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the morality charge is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence a virus of RNA or DNA that I don't recognize -- call the health and first of all, prevent the pandemic happening.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billion in increase.
The white lines here are the population.
We just went through the seven billion brand.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to empower the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it will go from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds never before you hate the global conversation.
What would these people?
What do you do? What wish will you do?
And instead of an economic collapse, we will have the biggest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars embedded in the global economy.
And more health to the Trace, from a better education with the Academy Khan and due to the use of 3D printing and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we provide three billion more of the members of humanity, educational health and productive health products?
How about a few voices never before?
What if we give them opening, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and power for the first time?
What will these three billion are going to do?
And if you're contributions that we can't predict.
One thing that I learned with the X Prize is that small equipment, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that could only do the big corporations and governments.
I'm going to end sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you already know.
It's called Football.
I emerged at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids, and figure out how the protein will be completed.
The folds determine structure and function.
It's something very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a superconducting problem.
They've played with this university professor, among others.
And then hundreds of thousands of people were joining and started playing it.
And it's shown that the recognition machinery today is better folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the influence of the brick.
We have the capital capital.
And we have three billion new minds that will be used to work on the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the rush of the point of participation.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I'll give you three examples to do time.
The first story is Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, 1835.
You might believe that it would be penguins, but it didn't.
It actually raises fish.
And he described one of them as very common.
It was the beautiful.
It was a lot of fish to the 1880s.
Now the fish is at the Red Red list.
But we've heard this story a lot of times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they are presidents.
The brochures still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept.
Because I was there in 1991 studying a lady in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate me.
I was very burned with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The lady was surrounded by palm streets, and as you can see, a few manufacturing.
There were the things of about 20 centimeters -- the black barber.
And the fishing of this thing was very abundant and went through a good moment, so it was made more than the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the number of fish had gone down half.
They mature at five centimeters long.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
They were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
It's nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was involved in the introduction of the arms fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, I started in the 1960s -- Europe did a lot of development projects.
The fishing development was supposed to impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen -- to impose industrial fishing.
And this boat, quite ugly, was called the Music 4.
I went out to fishing in it, and we did studies in southern China Sea, and especially in the Javain Sea.
What we captured there was something inevitable.
We captured now, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were sports, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most fish are tiny manipulators on a few remains -- remains that are coral reef fish.
In short, the bottom of the sea came to the cover and then he was stole.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very quick.
In a year, you make a study and then start the commercial fishing.
The bottom goes from being a solid bottle of soft coral, in this case, to be a legacy.
This is a dead turbine.
They didn't eat them. They downloaded them because they were dead.
Once we captured a alive.
I was still not crazy.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of rest is what they collect the fishermen every time they go to an area where they've never fish.
But it is not documenting.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We added the point of paradigm, to the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this happens something like this.
On the axis and we have good things -- biodiversity -- a lot of organs, the read of the country, water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images of their conscious life as normal and extracting it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the supply of change.
And at the end keep a couple of different remains.
And that, in big measure, is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that no longer are, or they're not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when the predators kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very abundant before you engage is very sort of free.
You don't lose angular animals.
You lose animals.
Even if this doesn't perceive as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a sea sea of big fish.
They become little frequent because we fishing.
Over time they have a few fish, but we think that's the participation point.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, questioning that it was very different.
And they will do it because evidence is presented in an earlier way is not the way they expect the evidence to have.
For example, the anecdote that some of them, like that capital, and so I looked at a lot of fish in this area cannot be used or usually don't use the scientists of fish because it's not scientific."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in instructive societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
Hence the huge role that can bring a protected marine area.
Because with protected marine areas, we actually recreated the past.
We are going to take the past that people can't conceive because the participation point has been broken, and it's extremely low.
That's for the people who can see a protected marine area and can benefit from the vision that it provides -- which allows them to erase their point of paradigm.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Middle East, for example?
I think that the arts and cinema may fill the vacuum. The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Chapter of Chember.
A long time ago, there were gray whales on the Bay Bay, 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that mathematicians and tone are just like "Arabic?
And if you think about "Adallow, if you think about why people get touched with the movie -- not to talk about the story of the -- why are you going to get to the images?
Because it raises something that, in a sense, it has lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one to give is to Cambridge, to make "And "Are you "Finance In the water.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Allow, the YouTube trend manager -- and I look at YouTube videos in professional form.
It's true.
So today we'll see why videos make viral and how important it is.
We all want to be stars, celebrities -- containers, containers -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very hard.
But today the web video makes any of us, or our actions, copper standards in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can be famous on the Internet in a sandwich.
They get over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, just a little percentage of it, you get viral information, and it makes a cultural moment of culture.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends of trends and participation communities and surprise factors.
Okay, let's start.
Beat Sandwisers." Oh, my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Thank you, warmon.
KA: Last year, Bernard Vendomalities published this film video outside his house in the National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproductive reports in the past summer.
Beach wasn't supposed to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if you're called Mosque Mountain Beach.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimmam.
Jimmy Kimma published this tunnel that would draw the video to the popular.
Treatments like Jimmy Kimmama present us things and interesting things and spread them into a wider audience.
Rebecca Black."  It's Friday, Friday. You have to start the Vincination.   Everybody wants to get the end of the week, the weekend.   Venturous, Venring.  KA: Don't think we can have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
Regeneration Black Regeneration is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Like "Architect go down, this video seemed to have gone out of nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peak, they're also Friday, too.
But what happened this day, this particular garden?
Well, it took it Tones, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson from Milmander Science Tahooj, was one of the first people to make a joke on Twitter.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of trends of trends adopt a point of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this big internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 paradoxical paradoxicals in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for every other day.
Unlike the environmental entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon by putting it or doing something new with that.
"No "Happy Cautabage," it's a representative animation with a music access.
That's it, that's it.
This year you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know that there's a three hours of version that has been seen four million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video.
But what's important here is the creativity that I woke up between the Internet community.
There were reminderations.
Somebody made a version of the old one.
And then it became international.
Suddenly, it was a whole community of remix that made this happen from being a tons to something we can all be part of it.
Because today we don't just enjoy, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Architect go double, or Rebectronic Black or "No Cautabage?
What do you script could have written this situation?
In a world where you get two days of video per minute, only that really unique and unexpected can get rid of the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protests against the multiple cycles in New York, I admit that I don't care about it.
Casey Nike, I was killed by not circulating by biosphere, but there are often obstacles that prevent you to circulate properly.
KA: Thank you the surprising effect and his humor, Casey Nike made five million saw and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth for everything new we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Been Bagance," what does this mean?
Ohhouse.
KA: What does this mean?
Treatment creators -- creative communities of participation -- completely unexpected, are features of a new kind of media, from a new culture, which we all have access and is the audience that defines the popularity of the population.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Ben, started in YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media -- they're hardly the media today, but they will define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still being stripped.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece -- a man burning a whole life.
It's a poet, a dragonflies, a man whose entire life had been supported in the only hope and freedom of his country.
Imagine as the communities come into Sahara, by facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long friends, now they do it.
It was refugee in silence.
He died by the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in Van and my lesson was to learn that history tried to stand up, but we succeeded.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when you look at disappointed silent to the sea.
My mother, May, was just 18 years old when her father died, and a concentrated marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been given to a task -- the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was incident for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four years that challenges the fiction, a boat went into the disguised sea of fishing business.
All the adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was the pirate pieces, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a breakthrough with poison.
If you were caught. We first would take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rhythm of the engine, the proper in each wave, and the vast and empty horizon.
I didn't remember the pirates that came several times, but they were fooled.
But I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to finish the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we would have a marker in Melon.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women along three generations shaping a new life together.
We set up in Football, an open-source suburb whose population is comprised from immigrants as well.
Unlike the middle class suburbs whose existence I knew in Football, it had no sense of the right.
The smells that came from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the trained English fragments were built between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then in a car assembly line, working six days, double turn.
Even so, I found time to study English and get a title on IT technology.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned and established an extra tumor in English and mathematics, no matter what was supposed to take away, which was usually new clothes, always a second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the toys, because I had to last six years.
And there were rare and painful sang on the "paralysis and some fragmentation, "Asia, come back home."
At home, where?
Something in me is entertained.
He was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to support it."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted, but we were telling us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered beaches, all the boat.
And my task was to be wake up until his nightmare would start to break it out.
She opened up a computer store, then studied to be stadiums and opened another business.
And women would come with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition and angry and inflations, and the translated kids trapped between two worlds.
They looked for subsidies and patterns.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, implicated with what I made of myself.
In the other, I was angry in precise lives, tragic standing by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many of them received help over the years.
And by that work, when I was studying my last year of abortion, I was elected by the young Australian young year.
And I was captured from one piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
So Leo, Annol resident of Pittsburgh, was now so read, refugee and social activist invited to speak in sites that I had never heard of, and in houses whose existence she would never imagine.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to retire the routine and the comfort of life in a non-lethal suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling me about the day of each and being doubled, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
He reminded me that I was now the same age that she had when she got into the boat.
He had never been an option.
"Make it said to me, "You don't know what not you."
So I talked about youth and education and description to marginalized and desperate them.
And the more frankly I talked about, the more it was applied to talk.
I met people from all walks of life, many of them doing what they loved -- living in the border of the possible.
And although I finished my literature, I realized I couldn't stay in a carbon race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized the same time that it's okay to be a discussion, a newly arrived, new on the scene -- and not only it's okay, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being inside it can easily mean to collapse the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your prevention.
I gave the enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, that the world is demonstrated, but not the way we fear.
possibilities that would not have been allowed to have been advanced tremendously.
There was an energy there, an important optimism of humility and value.
So I followed my intuition.
I went to a little group of people who the motto cannot be done, was an irresistible challenge.
For a year we didn't have a cents.
At the end of every day, he made a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We worked up to good at night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we opened up.
I took the decision to move to the United States.
And after a single journey.
My heart again.
Three months later, I had moved in, and the adventure would continue.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up at a time where the Congress was the social norm and the local Mandela was the person who cared for.
Life had not changed for centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it alone.
At 17 became a consumption of a Mandela whose mother was shopping.
No support of his husband, I caused a bank to demand it and take the cause herself itself, and much more reviewed when he won.
You can't do it proved to be wrong.
He was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died, about 1,000 miles, in Melicition.
And I looked through the map of the shower and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to press.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Pittsburgh and sat around their bedroom.
We told him stories and we made sure we were still with it.
At night a monkey came and told us that he had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to feel their hand.
I asked the monkey, "Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold?
"Because you've taken your hand from the morning, he said.
"You don't have solved."
If there is a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Since we were and how life formed us, we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have been easily.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could wish that for you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a problem in your lives, diving brave in every wave, the constant rate of the engine, the vast horizon that wouldn't guarantee nothing?
I don't know.
But if I could give it to you and look at it, I would do it.
Treat Neill and also the mother of that is today here, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story begins in Railurs about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with Sufi Mutway Alab.
We were talking about how nothing has changed since the time of the ancient Indian epidemic "The Mahama."
In those days when Indians wanted to travel to a car, and we went through the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when Armandi, the great Indian warrior principle, he was still, he took a bow and with a stream on the ground, it got water.
Now we do the same with teams and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that was a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more tender.
I was terrified by this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate an administration if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't tweet my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not killing it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his phone plastic relation.
And this 10-year-old technology was for my most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images and pirate and saucers in my imagination.
I had the feeling that the mobile phones and the clothes of luxury and cameras prevent that we are.
They stop our inspiration.
That's why I leave me, I went into this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
In the age of 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device to connect the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
Put the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
Narrator becomes increasingly multi-polio.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Khah, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "Get your fingers on every light.
And so --  says, "This box belongs to -- I write my name.
And so I become a book character.
In several times, I get a letter -- the iPad, knows where I live because of GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl is excited with all of these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and drawings but to that magic of childhood, to those ideas that we opened from children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always became exciting.
So over here, we have to include the iPad to release the firefly freeways.
And they actually light your way into what the book remains like.
Another idea that I was fascinated by as a girl was that a whole galaxy would have a ball.
So here, every book and every world becomes a ball that I would drag into this magical device, inside the device.
And this opens a map.
In every fantasy book there has always been maps but have been static maps.
This is a map that grows and flute and guide you during the rest of the book.
At certain points of the book it goes up.
I'm going to come in.
Another extremely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and at the same time.
These from here are the speeds.
We've all heard of the fairies and the nanoscales, but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts. Washing?
These poor speakers have been trapped in the cameras of India for millennia, in an old and high book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child history.
In a story that deals with current issues like the environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked together, they put their PCs out, they haven't gone out the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can pull our children into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out the outside, take the camera or iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections, of pills, stones and gardens and couples.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to get this ritual from the childhood, you have to go out and in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So you create a digital collection of pictures that you can then put on the Web.
And a kid from London puts a picture of a shoe and says, "Oh, I saw a shoe: "Oh, I saw a shoe: "Oh, I saw a shoe: Oh my today.
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taken away.
Within the connections of connection between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book we were planning to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad, and the video turned on and through augmented reality sees a group of animals that appear on the interior plants of the house.
At one point the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and blow them up so you can read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where nature forces are involved with technology and magic and technology approaching each other.
We leverage the energy of the sun.
We are approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic and joy and child love that we sat through a simple story.
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about why many health projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the Rabbi University was to define a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she had a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and known -- what happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone else, or maybe not everyone, but most of the health projects fail, because we stop listening.
This is my discussion Wikipedia. It's a very simple thing.
It has a piece of light and switched off.
Every morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms away.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Hello.
And my head doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time in which it needs computer assistance or some urgency of that style but to see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect to my school Wikipedia and before I went up to my car, people start talking to me: Log, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week being available.
This little battery connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, will take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they come back to recover control and to be captains of their own boat, but it can also help us care because of the challenges that we face, like the cost of the cost of medical attention, the depression of demand and other issues.
To do techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also by crossing.
And one of the things we did want to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation controls in cars.
Maybe we have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the automated cars are in Mastimaker.
Where all the gas are.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the closest DECA to help this patient do?
We asked but no one I knew.
Nobody knew where to get the DECA save lives right now.
What we did was we made crossing in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the public "The Public Public Together: You see a DECA, please send it out, tell you where, and when it's open, because sometimes they open up in the hours of office and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DECAds were already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Lay, augmented reality, to find these DECAs.
And every time you are in the city of Mastine and somebody collapse, you can use your iPhone, and for the next weeks to use their microscope cell microscope to find the nearest DECA, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to present this one, not just like DET FDA, which is the name of product but also as DPR.
And we would want to start it at the global level.
We're looking at all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find out, work and act as a center for the CEO around the world.
Every time you're from vacation and somebody collapse, it can be a party or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DECAs.
They could be messaging services or phone people, for example, to see if the DECAd that's shown is still in their place.
Please tell us about this and not just improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it the photograph?
Because, of course, they're pictures that can't take with their cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
I mixed with my passion before the drawing but it was a little bit different because by using the camera the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process ends when you press the pulse.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place, at the right time.
It seemed to me that anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the pulse.
pictures like this: a construction in a very transmitted road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite it, it keeps a level of reality.
Or pictures like this -- dark and colors at once, but with the common goal of keeping the level of reality.
And when I say reality I say photographer.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want it to have been captured in some way as a photograph.
Pictures where you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea than to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them look real?
Is it the details or the colors.
Does the light interview?
What does the illusion create about?
Sometimes illusion is perspective.
But ultimately it's our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imaginary objects that we all can relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way, you can create something that still looks three-dimensional as if it exists.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we put into the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining pictures.
It's really to combine different reality.
And the things that make a picture look realistic. I think they're the ones that we don't even think, the things around us in our everyday lives.
But by combining pictures is very important to consider it, because otherwise something will look bad.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules to go on to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective.
Second, combined pictures should have the same kind of light.
And these two images come up with these requirements, they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of the different images with perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the image was completed.
This is another example.
You might think this is the image of a landscape, and the bottom is manipulated.
But this picture is completely composed by photographs of different places.
In the personal thing, I think it's easier to create a place than finding it because you don't need to put the ideas in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought about this idea in winter, I knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the puzzle parts.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
The costs are a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a smart piece.
And yes, I even made the house of the top of the island so that it looks more sort of sound.
So to make a realistic result, I think it takes planning to.
You always start with a court, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the outcome can be very beautiful and at the same time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide about technology, very boring.
Please can put it up.
It's a diagram that I took from a folder mine.
I don't care so much to show you the details but the overall thing.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of RISD microscopes versus the power of local areas.
What's interesting about this is that this is, as many of us who tend to see, is kind of a straight line on logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale.
I'm going to talk about technology with semi-marketing is something new.
This is something weird here.
And that's exactly what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn the lights up.
I would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we record technological curves on logarithmic scales.
The answer is that if you draw them in a normal curve where we say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to graph, the diagram would see something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if I graph, for example, some other technology, like the transport, in a semi-and-a-half curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it's a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology would advance as fast as microbes, past tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of the technological development of a related growth that every few years of magnitude orders will advance magnitude.
The question I want to ask is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes.
It's one of two things.
Or it will be a typical curve I know like this until it gets something completely different, or maybe do something like that.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
If you will, we would be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we are in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new way.
So what I try to ask is, and ask me, is that what is that new way to embrace the world?
How far is the world heading?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're embedded in it.
I remember a kid in the year 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has shrunk. Year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
A transformation happens. We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it will be so different to extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it might be that transition we experience.
But to do that I will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have much to do with technology and I.T.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and looking at the long-term things.
The time scale that I would like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this picture makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a big sterile rock with many chemicals floating around them.
If we look at the way that those chemicals are organized -- we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this -- and that is, at that time, I had floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes inside your inside.
Some of those oil droplet contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside, and so the guards grew up.
And they started divided.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil goals.
But those goals were not alive, in the current sense, because each one of them contained a random record of chemicals.
And every time they were divided by an unequal distribution of the chemicals that they count.
So every logo was a little bit different.
In fact, the droplet that somehow are being better at the time of incorporating the circuit chemicals, they grow more, they build more chemicals and divide more.
They generally lived longer, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these goals learned the trick of abstraction.
In some ways we didn't understand these goals learn to store information.
They learned to build information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemical called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to be able to replicate with.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved 2.5 billion years ago.
Our recipe our genes, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living being expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 microbes of white dust that I try to hide to the security people of the airport.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA fragment and I amplified it 10 at 22 times.
So if somebody wants 100 million copies of my personal card I have many for all the presents, in fact, for every person in the world and it's here.
If it was an electromagnetic that would have put it in a virus and spread it through the room.
What was the next one?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happily happy.
But then another big step happened in which things became very different, and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information by forming the cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, for example, it evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and put them out to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave rise to communities that, in a way, were together in that, and they established a synergy.
And so they survive or they failed together, or whether a community was very successful all of the individuals in that community became more and failed by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came together so much that, in fact, they came together and decided to write all the recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And at that stage, we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicellular community.
We have many cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart cell, or the muscles or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These started to absorb information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than process information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being the responsible structures of recording, understanding and transmitting information.
Those were brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, not to the evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learn to eat some fruit because he knew bad and sick the last time he ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism since they had built these information structures of information that would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years because of the death of individuals who ate that fruit fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system built those information structures incredibly accelerate the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual.
It could happen in time to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea a vague idea, in your head.
I'm sitting here by emitting a few graphs, and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confusing, in his heads that hold some analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated to turn it into sound, in sound sequences and produce something very complicated in another brain.
That allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to make abstractions, actually.
Now we spend for similar periods to multicellular organisms, we abstract our record methods and presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The phone, the computer, the video tape, the CDP, and so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that gets us in something much larger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microbes.
They already saw the evolutionary example of Tom in which I produced some evolution with the College Creator, in front of our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the scale of time again.
The first stages of the story that I told you took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, language etc., took less than a million years.
And the next one, like electronics, seems to take just a few decades.
The process is removed -- I guess that altruism is the right word to name something that speed up its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we look at in this explosion of the curve.
We see the process removed.
But I made my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that work to design them would not be possible without recent IT advances.
But now design of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that it does every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of Thinking Machines, we thought about a level of abstraction, we put it on the machine and the machine with that makes something that before you couldn't be able, much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I use methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately is evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microbes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from an random sequence of instructions.
We say, "Please computer, you can run a hundred million sequences of instruction instruments?
Could you run these sequences of instructions at random, to execute all those programs, and take those who are more approach to what we want to do?
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are more approaching numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did.
But one, luckily, could get two numbers in the right order.
And I said, computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that did the task better?
We move those and let's eliminate the rest of it.
And now we reproduce the ones that the numbers ordered.
And we were going back to them following a record of analog reconstruction to sex.
Let's take two programs, who will make children, who exchange suburbs, and children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs from the combinations of programs that had a little bit more success.
And we say, "Please repeat the process."
Qualify again.
It introduced some mutations to it.
And it tries again, and it tries again with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent to millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that order numbers in an absolutely perfect way.
In fact, they're a lot more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't tell you how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark programs, strangers.
But they take the commons.
In fact, I know, I have the security that you achieve the goal because they come from a bloodline of hundreds of thousands of programs that succeeded.
In fact, their lives depend on it.
Once I was in a 747 with Mark Minister and he pulled a card and he says, "Look at this.
He says, "This airplane has hundreds of thousands of participants working together to offer a safe flight, doesn't make you feel translation?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they get complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make some different design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering.
But we don't understand the whole choices that are.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so that we can execute these programs much faster.
It's retreating.
The thing goes increasingly fast, and that's why I think it looks so confusing.
Because all these technologies are related.
We're delivered.
And we are at an analog moment to the one-third organisms when they became multinational.
We are the lovers, and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant about our part to think that we are the end product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it is.
But now comes the lunch, and I think I'll stop here before I get rid of me.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've experienced enough time to allow me to make part of my false bias.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, let's talk a little bit of baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end, the World Second Approximate.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is filled with amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's about to get the rules out, talk about statistics and use them to form a big baseball team.
I will focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called a battery average.
And we talked about 300 of a battery that bathed 300 battles.
That means that the baseball based effectively, three than 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game field without being caught -- and anyone who tries to launch it to the first base doesn't come in time, and the second foundation will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
You know how you call a 300 self-enorment in the Great Light?
Well, really good, maybe from the team of stars.
You know how you call a baseball battle?
By the way, that's somebody who is about 10 hits about four.
Legacy -- like the legendary Ted Williams, the last player of the Great League of baseball to execute more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's bring this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or less incredibly uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose you have approaches and they're derived to a surgeon that has also a 400 percent record.
It doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place and a loved person has two obstacles and your family doctor deepes to a cardiologist whose record in analogies is 200 dollars.
But you know what?
She's getting better at this year.
And their fingers have been 257.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think should be the average of a heart surgeon or an orthopedic or a nurse or a geological obstacle?
1,000. Very good.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in medicine knows the achievements of a good surgeon, a doctor or a parachute.
What we do, though, is send to the world, and it includes me, with the measurement of being perfect.
That you never, ever have a mistake and press to figure out how to do it well.
That was the message I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a computer obsessed student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldman studied to a blood test.
Like that.
I studied in my little decline at the nurses of the Norwegian hospital in Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned everything of memory.
From my kind of anatomy memory, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artifact coming out of the law, and the diagnosis of the difference often and not unified.
And I even knew the diagnostic diagnosis about how to classify the kidney tube action.
And as much as it builds more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And you heard of medicine school with the impression that if I memorize everything, then I would know everything, or most possible, close to everything, because I would imagine from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mrs.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when I brought the Dream Dream to the emergency service where I was working.
At that time, I was assigned by the cardiology service.
And when you started to look at a cardiologist I was able to attend to that patient.
And it will report the chief of residents.
When I saw Dreame Drago, I was gavage.
I heard a relative sound.
And when I succeeded, I heard a broken sound on both sides, which was a frozen heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pumping blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose it.
I did it and I went to work on the treatment that I would give him.
I gave him application and medication to alleviate pressure in his heart.
He gave him directors, water pills, so that I could eliminate liquid liquid.
And in an hour or two, she began to feel better.
And I felt very good.
And there it was when he made the first mistake. He sent her to her house.
It actually made two more mistakes.
He sent her to his house without talking to the chief of residents with it.
I didn't raise the phone and I did what I should have done, which was to call my boss and make it to him to see it.
And if my boss would have seen it, I would have been able to bring complicated information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that would require constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even contact to my boss.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When I sent it to his house, I didn't pay attention to a voice on my inner and say, "Google, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure. I was so insecure. I asked the nurse that I was taking care of the Dream Dream, "Do you think it's okay if you go home?
And the nurse thought and then he said with total nature, "Yes, I think I'll be OK."
I remember that as if you were yesterday.
So I signed up the height, and the ambulance along with the paradoxicals took her to their house.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presence in the stomach.
But I kept my job.
At the end of the day, I packed up to leave the hospital and walked into the parking room where my car was to go home. At that time, I did something that I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service of the way home.
And there was another nurse, not the one I care about the Drama Ladies before, but another one, he told me three words, those three words that most emergency medical doctors.
Other specialists fear also, but there's a particular thing in emotional and is that we see patients properly.
The three words are: Do you remember you?
"Do you remember the patient who sent his house?
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she came back, with the same tone of voice.
She was fine.
But I went back and on the edge of death.
At an hour of an hour of having arrived at his house, after I gave him the high, he suffered a collapse and her family called the 1911, the paradoxical paradoxical paradoxical prizes with a brain pressure of 50 meters of Hunt, which means a severe shock.
I was just breathing and blue.
The emergency staff deployed all their resources.
They gave him medication to raise the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was consumed and rocked up to the cord.
He had a mix of feelings because then they would stabilize it in intensive therapy and hoped against all hope that would be recovered.
And in the two or three days following it was obvious that I would never wake up.
He had an incredible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they resisted what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let it go. The Dramphan lady, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I was scared by it and experienced for the first time the married evil that exists in our medical culture and felt just isolated without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and you never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil shame that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very badly inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we are bad.
And that felt like that.
And it wasn't for my boss -- he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure that I smooth things and make sure that they wouldn't get me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my guy? Why did he send her to his house?
And at my worst moments, why did I make such a stupid mistake.
Why did I choose medicine.
Slowly that feeling was disappointed.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, the sky opened up and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I made a deal with me in which if I was reversing the efforts to be perfect to not commit more mistakes, it would make those voices to make it.
And it was.
I went back to work.
But it came back to happen.
Two years later, I was hearing in the emergency department in a community hospital in the north of Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat in the throat in the throat.
I was very busy and supported.
And he pointed out here.
I looked at his throat -- I was a little color.
He wrote him up and sent him to her house.
But while he ran to the door, he kept pointing his throat off.
Two days later, when I came to make my guard shift, my boss asked to talk to me in his office.
And he made the three words: Do you remember you?
Do you remember the patient who saw for a pain in the garden?
He came back and didn't have a strategic facility.
He had a potentially deadly effect called electrons.
You can look for it in Google -- it's an infection, not from the throat, but from the upper air, and it can cause the closing of those tracks.
He, fortunately, didn't go.
You get antibiotics in the way that is analogody and recovered in the few days.
And they went through the same period of shame and reputations, then I brought me back and went back to work, until again and again, and again.
Two times in the same emergency turn, they didn't diagnose approaches.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because you get 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a discussion.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
They order an X-ray of kidneys, but it turned out to be normal -- a colleague that was checking out the patient perceived some sensitivity in the lower right-hand box and called the surgeon, and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I read liquid to retire and asked my colleague to review it.
You reviewed it, and when you noticed some sensitivity in the lower right-hand square, he called the surgeon.
Both of them were operated and they recovered well.
But every case, I was shaped.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a beer.
The most meaningful things have been for the last five years.
Just shaming and supported.
And here's the problem: if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues.
How do I teach you this so that they don't make the same mistakes?
If I would go into a place like this, I had no idea what you think of me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure, after failure.
Of course at a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't hear someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a translation in my hospital took the wrong leg, believe me would have difficulty in looking at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions: those who make mistakes and not the ones that don't sleep and the ones that I know -- those who have separate results and those who have great outcomes.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as an antibody that starts to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we move from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will stay a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of diffusion and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical prison and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Story Tower to my program, "What Google Coura, Black Art."
And what I learned is that errors are observations.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one in 10 drugs in the hospital are wrong, or disability is not right -- in a system where disruptive infections are increasingly and more numerous and making chaos and death.
In this country, 24,000 channels per big medical errors die.
The U.S. Institute Institute established 100,000.
In both cases, it's about severe substances, because we're not sending the problem as we should.
And that's what things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't update us.
The privacy of sleep invaded everything.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect story of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain on the chest. It comes with liquid eyes, and with alcohol to alcohol and suddenly my story is about contempt.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot. I don't do things always equal.
And my patients are not cars. They don't fix their symptoms always in the same way.
For all this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professional professionals in mistake, well, there will be no one.
And with respect to people don't want to talk about their most serious cases.
In my program -- "Drille black, black art, is already a habit saying, "This is my worst mistake." I would tell everybody, from the parachutes to the heart of heart surgery -- "This is my worst error." Black, blah blah blah blah -- "What are your errors? And I would run the microphone into them.
And their students would stop, they would go back and they would drop out the head and they would be able to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to be able to say, "Look, don't make the same mistake.
They need a context where to do it.
They need a reductionist medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redesign doctor is human, you know human, it accepts it, and it's not proud of their mistakes, but it gets effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
It shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It pointed out the mistakes of other people not with trying to catch them, but in a loving way and support for everybody to benefit.
And I work in a medical culture that recognizes that humans will lead the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes of time in the world.
My name is Brian Goldman.
I'm a redesign doctor.
I'm human, I make mistakes.
And I feel so much about learning something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take one day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I recently made a survey in more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that he says picking up a middle American. It's about 70 a day.
It doesn't do a lot, in a research followed for a week to a group of pressures of businesses.
The researchers were recorded the different tasks attached by these executives and the time they employed in making decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, in average, they pick up 139 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included lots of minimizes.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more than their time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many of you belong to nine minutes, and how many of an hour of an hour.
How do you make those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of the current, choose to the optimism of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand just if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when I ask a question, if your answer is positive please give a palm.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of optimists of options?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, I was facing this very, very high level supermarket -- at least at the time it was very sophisticated.
It was called Dragon.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were about 250 different classes of mustard and video, over 500 different kinds of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of the water stored, and this was when we got water from the graph.
I loved to go to that store, but at one occasion, I wondered, why never buy nothing?
This is the height of the olive oil.
They had over 75 different classes, including those who were in a box that came out of military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and asked him, "Is this strategy of offering all these options?
He pointed out the buses full of tourists that were coming every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to make a little experiment with the melts.
Happy.
They had 150 different classes.
We installed a post to say, right to the entrance of the store.
We put out there from six flavors or 24 different flavors and we looked at two things: First of all, what are people willing to stop trying to stop the merchard?
More people stopped when there were 24, 60 percent, that when there was only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a merchard shop.
Here we find the opposite effect.
Of those who stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy melt.
Of those who stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought melt.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy merged if they found six, than if they found 24 percent.
Well, deciding that we don't buy it probably below us -- at least it's good to preserve the line -- but it turns out that the problem of the optimism of choices affects us in transformative decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't become us.
Now the theme of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study I did with guru Humanita, Emparado Mall and Wei Jane, where we looked at the decisions about savings for about a million Americans, from about 65 plans of this country.
We were interested to see if the number of funds of funds available in saving savings plans for retirement.
And we found that actually there was a correlation there.
We had 65 plans that went from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the greater number of offered funds, there was less participation.
So if we look at the extremes, we see that in the plans that offer two funds -- the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as it would be.
And in the plans that would offer about 60 fund, the participation rate went down to the 600 percent.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the bigger the number of choices, the more people were unable to avoid the actions or the investment funds.
As soon as there were more choices, they were more willing to invest in financial accounts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we will recommend to optimize future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that you make the decision, you apply it even when this goes against the interest itself.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions in finance and health.
They're more likely to pick up less satisfying things, even though it's obviously getting better.
The main reason is that we get to look at that giant variety of May, mustard and video and melt, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare and contract and choose from that awesome exhibit exhibition.
Today I want to propose to you four simple techniques that we've tried, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can test their business.
The first is, Corn.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, that less is more.
People always bother when I say, "Cooperative."
They worry about losing space in the analyzing.
But actually, what we're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut, you get rid of strange redundant choices, there will be an increase in the sales down, you will go down the costs, there will be a better experience in the election.
When Procleming & Gamble went from 26 different types of Health & Shakespeare to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the corporation Goldman Catheri removed the products for cats of cats that they had less sold -- the uses were increased in 87 percent, by two causes, greater sales and fewer costs.
You know that today's supermarkets.
In a Walker store they offer about 100,000 products.
But the ninth largest store in the current world is Alabama and offers only 1,500 products -- a kind of tomato sauce sauce.
In the world of financial savings I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to handle the choices is David Lakes, the Harvard program.
All of Harvard employees are automatically inhabited to a live fund.
Who really want to choose -- they are offered 20 fund, not 300 or more.
You know that often people say, "I don't know how to cut down.
They're all important options.
The first thing I do is ask employees to tell you, "Give me the differences between those options.
And if your employees can't difference, they will not be able to make their clients either.
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Gary.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people from this audience a few vacation to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give an applause if you're ready to take Gardon supply.
(Music appleses." Okay. Anybody who's ready to accept the offer.
Isn't it more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that trip?
I think it really agreed to hear more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first round, than in the second round, but I can tell you that they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the optimistic spectrum, which is Content.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and that the consequences should be feeling very vivid -- very concrete.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when it uses debit cards or credit cards than when you use effective things?
Because it doesn't look like money.
It turns out to make it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Lox Benevillase and Alzanian President, about people who were working at NGOs -- these people were in a meeting where they were failing to a 401 plan.
That meeting, that we built exactly how we used it, we made a little addiction.
What we added was that we applied to the staff that they thought about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minimum there was an increase in the 2009 and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts, from four percent.
The third technique is Claring.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that the Web supermarkets along the face of the northeast, the exhibition of magazines can contain from 330 different types to 66.
But you know?
Because the classification tells me how to tell them.
These are two jewelry exhibitions.
One is called "Japan," and the other one, "San: "Sala: "Sala: "Sala: "Sala: "Sala: "Sala: "Sala: "Sala: "Sala: "Sala: "Sala: "Sala: "Sala: "Sala: "Sala: "Sala: "Sala: "Sala: "Sala: "Sala: "Sala: "Sala: "Sala: "Sala: "Sala: "Sala: "Sala: "Sala: "Sala: "Sala: "Sala: San."
If you think the one on the left is Saint, and the one on the right is Japan, they give a palm.
("Applause appleses, well, there are some.
If you think the one on the left is Japan and the one on the right is Saint, they give a palm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Japan, and the one on the right is Sainti. But you know something?
This classification scheme is totally useless.
Categories have to indicate something to who I choose -- not because they define them.
You often see this problem with those huge funds of background.
I guess who they're information?
My fourth category control."
It turns out we can handle a lot more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We need to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a very complicated decision, the purchase of a car.
This is a German German manufacturer that allows you to chase it completely.
You have to take 60 decisions, to grab the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that make each one.
Color outside the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, change box, four options.
What I'm going to do is to vary the order in which the decisions appear.
So half the clients are going to go from many choices, 56 colors, a few boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few choices, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look like?
How much of you are.
If you go always the button for defects in every decision, it indicates that they're overwhelmed or it's like, we're losing them.
We found that those of you who go from many choices at a time, they hate the button for defects over and over and over again.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, keep there.
The same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order in which information is presented.
If we start with the easy thing, you learn to pick up.
Even though you choose the box of change doesn't say anything about the preferences of inner decoration.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more hooked with the process.
To sum out.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the optimistic optimists, cook, eliminate strange alternatives -- concentrated, to make it real. Clay, we can handle more categories with less choices -- conditions.
All of these techniques that I've presented to you were designed to help drive the alternatives or better, for you, to use them on your issues, or for people who are serve.
It's that I think the key to the best of a choice is being careful to pick up.
And the more careful we are in our best elections will be able to practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '80s, in the East Germany, the communist Germany, if you had a typewriter machine should register it to the government.
I had to register a piece of text of example written with the machine.
And this so that the government could track the origin of the text.
If you found a writing with the wrong message you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West we didn't think that somebody could do this, how much this would limit the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color of any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow politics in every page that makes a pattern that makes them own from one and your printer.
That's happening to us today.
And no one seems to be a lot about this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If we look at what happens in the online world, we can add the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
They're the civilizations.
Like Mr. Disma Guarten from the city of Kiet, in Ukraine.
The cellular cell cell is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cyber carbonates to earn a lot of money, lots of numbers.
There are really many cases of millions online, military, who won money with their attacks.
This is Victoria Tasks, from Tale, Station.
This is Alfred Gone.
This is Stephen Watt.
This is Beijing Sunday.
These are Matthew Anderson, Tale American etc., etc., etc.
These guys do their online forces, but they do it for illegal means by illegal translations to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The secret service of America, two months ago, froze the Swiss account of this sir, Sam Jane, and this account had 14 million dollars when he was frozen.
Mr. Jane was slowly. You know his paradox.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us are victims of a cyber than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going to be wrong.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks in importance that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions -- they motivate laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have been detailed in the last 12 months to occupy a role in the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacker, the criminals that do it for money, the hackers like Anonymous who do it to protect and the last group is the national states the governments that attack.
And then we look at cases like Dickinson.
That's a good example of government attack against their own citizens.
Dicentrector is a contraction authority of the Netherlands, or, actually, it was.
He declared the cover the last fall, because of a satellite.
They stored the security of the site and they lost a cyber performance.
Last week, I wondered, in a meeting with Dutch government representatives -- asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people because of the attack to Dickins.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die because of an attack of these?
Dicentrector is a certified authority.
They sell certified.
What do you serve the certified for?
Well, you need if you have a website with helicopters, services encrypted SES, services like Gambi.
Except you would intercept a certified certified authority.
And they eat approaches created.
And in the case of Dickinson, exactly that happened.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters took the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the building of the building, they found a lot of paper.
Among those papers was this capture called "French the Fillability.
And within that folder there were notes of a company with headquarters in Germany who had sold the Egyptian government sold to interpretation the communications of the citizens of the country.
They had sold this tool for 200,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The headquarters are right here.
I mean, Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, only a couple of weeks ago, the Scott transit -- a tragedy used by the German government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a real criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is intervened.
But it goes further.
The Internet connection.
They will use even tools like the Scott transit to infect our computer with a transit to allow them to see all of the communication, and listen to the arguments online, to get our data.
When we think about things like these the obvious answer should be "Well, it looks like a bad thing, but it doesn't really affect me because I'm an honest citizen.
Why worry about that?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play the privacy.
Privacy is not discovered.
It's not a matter of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we do today, will be forever.
Do we rely on any future government, in a administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that you need to worry about in the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the South National Park.
These are the cow cows of my father, and behind the cow, the National Park.
The National Park in Nairobi doesn't have close to the most part of the south, which means that wild animals like the crew migrate from the park.
And predators, like lions. They follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones who killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning and we found it very bad because it was the only tower we had.
My community, the mass, we think we come from the sky with our animals and all the land to pass them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up a lot to the lions.
The dying are warriors that protect our community and livestock and they're also annoyed with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed Narvardo.
I think that's why there are so few in the National Park.
A child in my community, about six at nine years old, is responsible for his father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions gave them fear.
But I realized that actually this was not served because he even helped the lions see the stand in the far.
I didn't quit me. I went on.
A second idea was to use a spirit.
I tried to encourage the lions to believe that it was near the state.
But the lions are very smart.  They came the first day and saw the sharks, and they were, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they went out and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the state with an torch and that day the lions didn't come.
I found that the lions are afraid of the light that's moving.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch with the one that I will learn and turn the lights off.
And this is a little lamp.
I love everything.
As you can see, the solar panel load the battery and the battery supply electricity to the little indicated box -- I call it a transformation.
And the indicate box makes the lights detect.
As you can see, the pumps go outside, because that's where the lions come from.
And that's how you see the lions when they come at night.
The lights deliver and take the lions to the lions to think I'm walking through the standard, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with the lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is from this grandmother.
She had killed many animals the lions and asked me if I could put the lights up.
I said yes.
I put them. You can see the background, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used now throughout Kenya, to scare other predators like hyena leaders, leaders, and it's also being used to paint elephants from farms.
Thanks to this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brooklyn International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funds and consciousness.
I even took my friends to my community, and we installed lights in the houses that they don't have, and I teach them how to put them.
So one year ago, it was just a kid in the producers of the savanna passing the cows of my father, and I used to see planes fly, and he told me that someday would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to become engineering and pilot when it grows up.
I used to hate the lions, but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with the lions without any conflict.
Asah song. What in my tongue means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to listen to a story like you.
So you got a scholarship. Richard Turkey: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next one in your list?
RSW: My next invention is -- I want to do a close electricity. CA: A fence electric?
RSW: I know that they were already invented the closest electricity, but I want to do mine.
CA: So you try it once, right? And you -- RT: I've tried it before, but stop because I got a calculation.  CA: On the foot. Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We are going to animate in every step that I, friend of mine.
Thank you very much. RT: Thank you very much.
When I was little, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
I grew up singing a song called "I don't envy anything."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying Kim Imaging, but we never learned much about the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan are the enemies.
Although I sometimes wondered about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea, until everything changed.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and myself had never happened.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of my sister.
I said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the past two weeks.
We're recorded together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak. We're ready to die."
I was very high.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At a time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't erase my memory.
A life without life was dead on the street, holding a child climbing in his arms looking at his mother's face without being able to do anything.
No one helped them, because they were very concerned about caring themselves and their families.
A huge shoe in North Korea in the middle of the 1990s.
At the end, over a million North Koreans died during famine and only few surviving eating passengers, insects and tree cortex.
They also did more and more frequently the energy cuts, all around me was completely in the dark night except for sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and not.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the Amazon River, which serves between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very unknown at certain points, allowing North Koreans, secreting.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how North Korea, but I can only say that over the years of famine I was sent to China to live with distant people.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life was like as the North Red.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because North Chinese refugees were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed and it would be reproduced to a horrible destination back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and interrupted me in the police station.
Somebody had accused me to be North, then I looked at my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to blow up.
If it didn't look natural, it could be incarcerated and sport.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answered questions.
At the end of the interpretation, an officer told another one, "This was a fake sport. She's not northern."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some North Koreans look for asylum in foreign buses.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and sports.
These women were very lucky.
Although they had captured them, they were eventually released after an international pressure.
These North Koreans were not so lucky.
Every year, North Koreans are captured in China and sports in North Korea, where they're tortured or controlled or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape. Many other Koreans haven't had so much luck.
It's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all his world can be held in an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I've decided to risk going to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
To be in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I was hoping for.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
I also understood that there was a big gap between North and South America.
We are all the Koreans, but in the inside, we've become very different because of 67 years of divide.
They even go through a crisis of identity.
Am I a surgeon or north?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that I could call the pride myself.
Even though you will adapt to life in South Korea was not easy, I made a plan. I started studying for the income exam to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got a call analogy.
North Korean authorities played some money that sent my family, and as a punishment my family was going to be displaced to the force to an alternative location on the outside.
They had to flee immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China and I went into the border with North Korea.
Since my family could not speak Chinese, I had to guide them in some way, for over 3,000 miles across China, and then across the Southeast Asia.
The bus journey took a week, and we almost got caught several times.
One time, our bus was arrested and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the identification of all of us, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese official came up to my family, he was impossible to stand up and told him that they were advertising people who were shifting.
I looked at me, but fortunately I believed it.
We did all the way to the Lord border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Laws.
But even after the border, my family was arrested and unable to cross the border illegally.
After paying multiple and sounds, my family was released in a month.
But at time, my family was arrested and locked up again in the Last Cape.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to liberate my family, and we were so close to my family, but my family was arrested in a short distance of the South Korea.
I would go and come between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But it didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or more multiplexis.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man asking, "What's the problem?"
I was so surprising that a stranger would matter to ask.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt -- the man went to the ATM car and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for another two North Koreans and get them out of prison.
I thank him with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do you help me?
"I'm not helping you, he said.
"I'm helping the North people."
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The unknown bomb symbolizes a new hope for me and for the North people when we needed it.
And I showed myself that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community are really the hope ray that the North people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving your freedom is only half the battle.
Many North Koreans are separated from their families, and when they go to a new country, they start with little or no money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, the practice of English language, job practices and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people within North Korea, and the rest of the world.
Because many of us are sitting in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I've got a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help the North give North America an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North and more North at all around the world, including the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Center.
This is Center South Central Center, fast food, bad fronts.
So the city planners came together and they thought, we're going to change the name of South Central to represent something else, so they changed it to Los Angeles South, as if this would fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles   Ten stores of limbs, fast food, balloon lands.
Just like 26 million other Americans, living in a food desert, Los Angeles Center, home from food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that food places to take more people out of food in the car.
People are dying from curable diseases in Los Angeles Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times older than, say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing that this happens.
And I wonder how would you feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you come out of home you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood?
I see wheelchair chairs and sold as cars used.
I see centers of dialogue dials like Straughts.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
I also get tired of driving 45 minutes of age, and it comes back to buy an apple that doesn't have perceptions.
What I did, was planting a food forest in front of my house.
In a land that we call a garden.
That's about 45 feet three feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what it comes to me, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Greeks, we got together and we started planting our food forest -- fruit trees, you know, the nine full vegetables.
What we do, we are a kind of paid group by granted by gardens of all the prices, all over the city and completely voluntary and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then somebody complained it.
And the city was on top of me, and in short, they gave me a scar saying that I had to remove my garden, the literature became a court order.
And I said, "Come on, really?
A judicial order for planting food in a piece of land that no one matter?  So I was like, "Well, let's take it."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Forget, and I talked to the pen, and one of the members of Green Greeks, who put a petition in Changoffo. 1900, 900 signatures were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My colleague even called to say that they would roll and love what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the city of America with more barrel lands.
It has 68 miles of balloon land.
That's 20 Parks Park.
That's enough space to plant 725 million tomato plants.
Why does it don't look good at this?
Growing a plant will give a few thousand seven, 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar dollar will give you 75 dollars of result.
It's my mood, when I tell people, grow your own food.
Growing your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Central Center.
I grew up there. I raised my kids there.
I became part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my graffiti -- I grow my art.
As a graffiti artist -- which is seeing walls, I explore soils, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and the plants and the trees, are my embarrassment of that canvas.
They would be surprised to see what the land can do if they let it be their canvas.
You can't just imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm witness of how my garden became an education tool, of transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We're the land.
They would be surprised to see how they affect kids.
The garden is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do, especially in a urban.
Also, they get free.
I remember an occasion, who came a mother and his daughter, were like the 2030s at night and they were in my garden, and they were in my backyard, and they looked very often.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to hunger, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Is it not afraid people will steal your food?
I say, "Oh my God, I don't fear you are going to steal it.
That's why it's on the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at the time, I want you to pick up your health.
There was another occasion that I put a garden on a refugee shelter in the center of Los Angeles.
There were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. It shared me his stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with his mom and his grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Greeks has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We've had about 50 people who come from, work and participate, all of them on voluntary plan.
If kids grow up, kids will eat colony.
If you grow tomatoes you eat tomatoes --  But if none of this is taught you, if you don't teach them how food affects the mind and the body, they eat blind to your front in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing where they're stuck. I see color kids who are on this path designed for them, which doesn't lead them nowhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids who are discussing their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Carrot.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens where people can share food in the same block.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, you have to sustain it.
What I'm talking about is to put people out of working to people, to take the streets out of the street, they know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening market markets.
What I want to do here, we have to do it sexy.
I want everybody to become economic regime, spans, gardens getting seeds.
We have to change the script of what's a sentence.
If you're not a garden, you're not a search.
That the seats take their ball right?
That is their choice of choice.
In short, if you want to meet with me, well, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some limb -- to talk about making some shit.
If you want to see me, you come to the garden with your stick, so that we can plant something.
Peace peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Music sounds)  You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt and asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, where it rains a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the asphalt that it salts.
And especially if you're riding in your bike and these cars happen, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a quiet road.
The solution for that is to make clean asphalt.
The piece of parallel, a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has poets and the water can go through it, so all the water of rain flow down to the sides and they will have a road that is easy to drive, and they won't get water again.
The noise also disappears in these pores too.
Because it's very heat, all the noise disappeared, so it's a very silent road.
It also has delivers, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can deliver.
What is that described? You see that in this road the surface stones come out.
First one stone, then several more and more and more, etc., and then -- well, I won't do that.  But you can harm your windshield and not be happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create bacteria with that.
Oh, it's ready.
bacteria, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how the damage comes in this material.
It's a perfect application, as I said, so it only has a little amount of performance between the stone.
Because of the interpretation, the U.K. light, the oxygen, this addict, this battery, the glue between the wheels -- it'll be encouraged, and if you go on, you will be married microbes and separated from the addicted.
So if you drive through the road, you will take the addicts out, as we saw here.
To solve this problem, we think about authority materials.
If we can make this material self-assembly, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is to use steel land, from that to clean up seasons, and we can cut the steel wool into very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the baseball.
So we have a little asphalt with little pieces of steel in it.
And then you need a machine, like what you see here, that you use to cook -- a computer machine.
Individual can heat up, especially steel is very good at that.
So what you have to do is to heat the steel down, melt the baseball, the blue flow for these microscopes and rocks will look back at the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the great influence machine here on the stage.
Microscopic oven is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm now going to take to see what happened.
This is the show coming out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried many samples there and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to try.
So they gave us a piece of road, 400 meters of the AIMS highway, where we had to make a test lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test, and then of course, this road lasts several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We take many samples from this road, and we tested them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of payload in them, we would break them together with our industry of industry and we repair them and we would test them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've made a material using steel fibers -- building these fibers -- using the energy of influence to actually increase life from the surface of the road, you can even double the life of the road, you can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity.
We still have the sample here. It's pretty hot.
In fact, you have to cool first before I can show you how it acts to repair it.
But I'm going to do a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having woken up a morning with the sound of the girl in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News, in his little gray radio.
He had a big smile in his face that was unusual at those times, because the news generally depressed it.
"The Taliban went out, raised my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school school school.
One morning I'll never forget.
True school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban came out of Afghanistan and they made illegal people to go to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to school my older sister who could no longer be used outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could educate us.
Every day, we took a different route so nobody could suspect where we were.
We had to hide the books on market bags so that we would seem to go shopping.
School was in a house, over 100 of us approved in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in a while, school was suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban suspected suspended.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were we following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were additionally, but still, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a test.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total mixture of a remote province of Afghanistan, insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so her father did it.
But my education mother became a teacher.
This is her.
Two years ago, just to convert our home in school for girls and women from our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of his family to get education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban despite the risks.
For him, there was a larger risk in not to educate his children.
Over the years of the Taliban. I remember there were moments where I was very frustrated by our life and was always scared and didn't see a future.
I wanted to laugh, but my father said, "Yeah, daughter me, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, which is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So do you still want not to go?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than the bacteria, and if my family had not been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself proud to graduate at Mimmure College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, the one who was blown out of his home by the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first ones to congratulate it.
He didn't just get away from my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I am the first woman who took him driving through the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1871, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded SOL, the first and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is, I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families that, like my own, about them to weigh and even in front of a developers opposition.
Like Adam. It's not your true name, and I can't show you your face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter went from South American to his village, and literally they were still satisfied by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When you get to your house, they're the phone, a voice was forced that if he kept sending his daughter to school, they would come back to try.
"I mean, if you want to go, he said, "But I won't harm the future of my daughter for his old and the inside ideas."
What I've realized about Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of those trials, there is a father who recognized the value of his daughter and it sees that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, it's often the first compelling interests of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the talents, the girls who went to school are in hundreds of -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear that these changes don't sleep much, after the retrogen of the U.S. troops.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I look at the students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, that animated them, I see a primary future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and unlimited possibilities, and every day of the SLA girls remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother's words who died in the example, "Hey, resistant, Gadyeter. struggles against him.
But you never become an Adam revolution.
They've spent almost two years since the library revolution inspired by the electric ones that are so mass of the Tunisian revolution as much as the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with many other websites, inside and outside the country to call a day of the road and start a revolution against the transition of Gadyetera.
And we did, it was a big revolution.
Women and young books were in the supply, demanding the fall of the regime, serving paradigms of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They have shown an example of exploring the brutal dictator of Gady.
They've shown a big sense of solidarity, from the Middle East, to the West, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and some losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the term.
But Gadye left a pick paralyze, a legacy of tyranny and corruption and aluminum seeds.
For four decades, the Arabia transit of Afghan destroyed infrastructure and culture and moral structure of liberal society.
And aware of the devastation and the challenges, I've wanted, along with many other women, rebuild liberal civil society, demand an inclusive transition and justice towards democracy and national reconciliation.
They set up about 200 organizations in Benki during and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Tricy.
After a 33 year-old period, I went back to Libya, and with a unique enthusiasm began to organize workshops about the development of capabilities and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the Platform of Women Libya, for the Peace Platestimal, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate by the social autonomy of women and our right of equal participation in the building of democracy and peace.
I found a very difficult environment in the presidential period -- an environment that was increasingly collaborative, which is model of the selfish policies of domination and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 1750s, the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, little bit, the power of elections and revolution as a whole, they were disappearing, every day we found news of violence.
One day we woke up with the news of ancient mosques and Sufi tumors.
Another day I started with the news of the American Ambassador mass and the consumption of the attack.
Another day we woke up with the news of the army officers of the army.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continual realities of human rights and their lack of respect from law.
Our society, shaped by a revolutionary mindset, is polarized more, and has been removed from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
The intolerance, the exclusion and revenge.
I'm not here today to inspire you with our story of the success of the list and the elections.
Now, I'm here today to trust that we, as a nation, we choose bad, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security to Libya.
The leadership and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconstruction?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still polarized and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exclusion, both by men and women as a women?
Maybe what was missing wasn't just women, but women's values of compassion, mercy and inclusion values.
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than it needed the choices, which only reinforce polarization and divide.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female more than need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting like addiction agents and calling the anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mission.
We have to develop a female discourse that not just honor but also put the music rather than the conversation, the collaboration instead of competition, the inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, shopped by war, needs desperately in order to reach peace.
Because peace has an alternative that deals with interaction and alternative between female perspective and males.
That's the real credit.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a social way.
According to the Koran Charles March -- it's the word of the missionary God, "Read, compassionate."
At the same time, the word "Rode," which is known in all the abrasical traditions -- has the same root in Arabic that the word "reward," by shaking the female and material, which goes to all the humanity that men and women, which all tribes and all the towns have fallen about.
And so, just like the uterus covers completely the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of compassion is all existence.
That's how you tell us, "My mission opens all the things.
That's how we say, "My mission prevalence about my weapon: "My one.
That they all tell you the grace of the mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an interesting question, which has an equally underlying answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody is doing always, why is it left?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who paid her painted?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I was just licensed at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in Several magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green cartoon American Explorer, and he had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul, I was telling my head with a gun.
The man, which I loved more than anyone in this world, put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "Local Love: a psychological trap -- photographer fragmented, where every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could even be his story.
I don't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence.
I'm licensed in English at Harvard University, and I have a MBA in Marketip from the Scholar Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for "Freedom 500,000 companies between them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burger and The Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and the Washington Post,
I take almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black labor and I lead an October Hong October.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all races -- all religions, all levels of faith and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not not.
Over 85 percent of the markers are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships and independent and long duration or said otherwise, in families, the last place where we want or expect to find violence, the reason that domestic abuse is so disabled.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who puts him, and actually I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States women between 16 and 24 years old, they have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by couples and boys and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, his warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold and rainy night of January.
I was sitting on my side at the subway of New York, and he started flourishing with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he had just been licensed from a university of the Live League and he worked on a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me most about that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that looked like a boy of the field.
I had some big models like apples and a broken ball hair, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congo, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
He did it all over the beginning putting on a penetration.
And we started coming out and loved all of me, which was list, that I had gone to Harvard who had a passion to help teenage girls, and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congo believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as nobody had ever done it.
And it was why the literature in that prestigious school and the work on Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to seduce and make the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is assistance.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go back from New York and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to make sacrifices for your partner and I accepted my job, I quit my work and Congo and I were together in Manhattan together.
I had no idea that I was falling on a "literate love, which was entering the head in a physical trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how she reacts it.
And this is where they come into a scene that those clues.
As soon as we moved to New England you know, that site where Congo was supposed to have to feel so safe it bought three pilots.
One had in the car glove of the car.
Another one was held under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said he needed those passions because of the trauma that lived from a little bit.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those pictures were actually a message for me, and although I had never lifted my hand, my life was already in serious danger every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning and he still had the shirt.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's wedding suit and married me with him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we would live happily forever, because I loved him, and he also wanted me a lot.
And I was very, very represented.
It had simply felt very overwhelmed by the wedding and the fact of making a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident and I would never make me harm.
I spent twice more in our honey.
The first time I was driving to a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that bounces several times against the window of the car.
And then, a couple days later, driving back from our honey moon, it was covered by traffic, and I threw a Big Mac cold to the face.
Congo kept telling me one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is a victim of domestic violence or action at some point in their life, and the Centers of Disease control that every year 15 million children are killed, 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
Going back to my question: Why am I left?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a profoundly altered man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congo face their demographics.
The other question that everybody does is: Why don't you just go on?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone anywhere.
For me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we victims, we know something that normally you ignore -- it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a marker.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is killing it.
More than 70 percent of the killings in the cases of domestic violence occur after the victim has put the end to the relationship, after they go down, because then the abuse has nothing to lose.
Other repercussions include the permanent element, even after the abuse has become married, free financial resources, and manipulation justice system to terrified the victim and their children, which are usually forced by the judges to spend time not supering with the man who was asking their mother.
And we still keep wondering why it simply doesn't go?
I was able to get me because of one last story I paid my denial.
I realized that the man I loved so much, I would have killed me if he had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody, to the police, to my neighbors, to my friends and family, and I am here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to stabilize victims like spontaneous headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why is it left?
For some people it is a way to say, "The guilt is yours for standards, as if the victims are going to be able to intuitively fall in love with men who want to destroy them.
But since I published "Local Love: I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also standing up, that they learned a sensitive lesson of what happened to them and they raised their lives joyful and happy like employees, husbands and mothers, lives completely free of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I am actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence.
I became married with a headline and a love man, and we have those three children.
I have that black labor and also that minister.
What will not have ever ever more, ever, is a charged piano pointing to my head in someone who says I want.
Right now, they're just thinking, "Hey, that's fascinating, or "Hall, how silly it was, but all this time I actually have been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, which are being killed or that they were small or they're abused themselves.
The teacher could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy particular love breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse is only in silence.
They have the power to end the domestic violence simply shedding light on it.
victims need everybody else.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
Take the abuse to the light talking about it with his kids, their coworkers and their friends and family.
They rethink their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to intervene consciously, to slow up their scale and show the victims a safe output.
Together, we can convert our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hi. I call Camp Russell, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years now.
And I feel that right now, there's an awkward tension in the room because I shouldn't have dress like this.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first clothing shift on a TED stage, so you have a lot lucky to do that, I think.
If some of the women horrified when they came up, they don't have to talk about it now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These tacks are very awkward, less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to go through the head, because it's when you're going to laugh from me, so you don't do anything while I cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I've completely changed what they thought of me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a girlfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer told me that he would hold the back, and he would take the hair out of the boy.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial tan like the one I made two days ago for work, there is very little that we can do to transform our looks, which, although surface and immune, has a big impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but simply simply.
The first question is, how does it become model?
And I always say, a scale discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made model is because I won the genetic lottery. And I'm the benefit of a heritage and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we haven't only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry -- which are biologically programmed to admire -- we also have associated it to a high and steady figure, to feminist and white skin.
And that's my heritage -- I hope I have known to leverage to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience who are now showing school, and maybe there are some marriages of the fashion that say, wait. There are Naomi -- There, Joan Santasha, Light Window.
First of all, I'm happy to know so much about models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York told each and every model in the runway, and from the 677 models controlled -- only 27 percent of them were not white.
The next question that people always do is: Could it be model when it's greater?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't love that.
But then what I would really tell each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president from the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a ninja and popular surgeon surgeon, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If you after this spectacular list, you still insist -- no, no, Cameron, I want to be model, then I tell you, I know my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the Chief American magazine or the executive director of HIV, or the next Steven Mexico.
To say that more of you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a work you can choose for.
I'm going to show you all I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike chemical surgery, can be summarized right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've got your studies, and you have a curriculum and some work on your back, no matter what you say, if you said you want to be president in the United States, but your curriculum said, interior clothes for 10 years, people would look weird.
The next question that people always do is if all photos are confident.
And yes, you pretty much tweak all the photos, but that's just a little bit of what happens.
This was the first picture that they took me, and also the first time I used a biodiversity, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
I watch my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a picture party a few days before the pictures for the French Voice.
Here I am with my football team and the Vietnam magazine.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those photos.
They're creations of a group of professionals, heads, machines, photographers and statistics, and all their aid and pressure people and property, and they managed to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is: Do you get free things?
I have too many heads of 20 inches and I never use it, except the previous couple of years, but the privilege I get are the ones that I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a store and forgot to take money, and they gave me the free dress of me.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a shark shot, and he jumped a red, and of course, they stopped us, and I just felt like, agent to be able to keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not for what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their appearance without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, of the 140 teenagers who were stopped and recorded -- 86 percent were black and rates, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 1770, and there are just 177,000 black and Latino young people in New York, so for them, it's not a question of stand stop?
How many times do you stop me? And when, and when, right?
When I was researching for this talk, I learned that 53 percent of the 13-year-old girls in the United States don't like their body, and that figure goes up to 78 percent to 17 percent.
So the last question that people do is: How is life of a model?
And I think the answer you hope is, if you're a little bit more thin and you have the most brilliant hair, you'll feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative people, resourceful, passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I've never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about me every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and the brightest hair, it will be happier.
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs and the brightest hair and the more of the fashion -- but they're probably the most physically insecure women on the planet.
But mostly it was hard to analyze a racial and gender oppression situation when I am one of the biggest benefits.
If there is something to get out of this talk, I hope that all of them feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception we have of success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since it was older enough to hold a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 most precious pictures, and I wasn't me who took them out.
There were no artistic directors, no stability, no opportunity to repeat the photos, not even a minimum care in lighting.
In fact, most of them took them up to random tourists in fact.
My story begins when I found myself in New York City to give a sentence, my wife took me out this photo holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday, and that's the corner of 57 and the five.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York City just a year later, so we decided to pull the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, "Why don't you take you to San to New York on a paradox trip and you keep the rituals right?
This is when we started asking the tourists that were going to take us out of the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete unknown is so universal.
No one has been denied and, fortunately, no one has fallen with the camera.
And so, we weren't aware of how much life would change us.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day so that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way of stopping time in a week of October and to make us reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter gets new habits, and I can see life through his eyes and how it feels and interact with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something we hope with illusion all year.
In one of the trips in one of the trips, we were walking down, when suddenly it stopped in dry and pointed out a red pen of the wrist store that I took from small in previous visitors.
And I described what I had felt at age five in that same place.
I started to remember his heart beating with force to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York is universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things that we create is memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging actively in conscious memories.
I don't know -- but besides these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the family photos.
I'm always the one that pulls the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear on the picture, and you don't have to get closer to somebody and ask him, "Do you get a photo up?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The divers are in the most threatened birds.
First of all, why do you have so bad press?
It also has been associated with Discornes right as mental characters, silly characters, stupid students.
More recently, if you've been following the landscape Kenyan press, applause and accelerations, these are the attributes that you associate with the Kenyan Parkinson, but I don't accept it.
Don't accept it. You know why?
Because the members of the Parliament don't keep the environment the environment.  The paradigms don't help prevent the spread of disease.
They are difficult to make us.   They're far away from extended.  And my favorite, the divers have better presence.   There are two kinds of divers on this planet.
There are the New World Fuels that are mainly found in the Americas, like the circuits and the cards, and the Buddhist of the Old World, where we have 16 species -- of these 16, 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So why are the divers important? First of all, they provide vital ecological services.
It's our natural garbage records.
They wipe the cadavers to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria -- they help absorb the anthrax that not for them would expand and cause large loss of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no funds, the carcasses take three to four times longer in discovery, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of disease.
The divers also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated to the old Egyptian culture.
New was the symbol of the protection and the maternity and, along with the cover, they were symbolized the unit between the high and the low Egypt.
In the Hindu mythology Jamaica, Japan was the god funded, and he risked his life to save the Democratic goddess of the 10 heads of the 101 head.
In the Tibetan culture, some very important ones in open sky -- in places like Tibet. There's no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these divers provide a system of natural eliminating system.
What's the problem with the fun?
We have eight species of business in Kenya, which six are in extreme threatened threat.
The reason is that they're being poisoned -- and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and fantasy. Particles use this poison against predators, and as a consequence, the divers are victims of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of divers are on the critical list of extinction danger -- which means that in less than 10 or 15 years, and the reason is because they fall out of the livestock consumption that's been treated with an analog drug like Dick.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India and have taken a position.
Because there is no fundamentalism, there's been a spread in the number of street dogs in courage vertical, and when you have a street dogs, you have a huge time bomb, and the number of radiation cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind parks in Africa, 350 advertisements are going to be up from Lake Turkey.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds. They cut them in half.
They're birds.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible trade of dead divers to serve the broken and the metropolitan market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're investigating these birds. We're putting these birds.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so focusing on a problem that is often not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments at the regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the fundamentalism, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide.
How can you help? You can become active -- you can make noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell you, we need to focus on these very understanding creatures. Give your time to spread the word. It's going to spread the word.
When you get out of this room, you will be informed about the business, but they talk to their families, with their kids, with their neighbors on the business.
They're very elegant. Charles Darwin said that he changed the opinion because he saw them flying without effort, no energy spending in the sky.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and all I do professionally -- my life -- has been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
From 1971 to 1977, I am young, but I am no longer --  I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Coast from Martin, Argentina and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO and every project we established in Africa.
And I was perfectly.
I thought, at the age of 21, that Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we took we analyzed it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Baby of Zambai: was a project where the Italians decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food.
So we came up with Italian seeds south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends towards the Zambai River, and we taught the local to grow Italian tomatoes and sticks, and ...
Of course, people weren't at all. They were absolutely interested in doing that, so we were able to come to work, and sometimes they didn't get accelerated.  We were amazed that the local, in so fertile valley, had not had agriculture.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God we're here."  "I am in time to save the people in the Bambi people.
And of course, everything in Africa was growing up.
We got these magnificent tomators. In Italy, a tomato would grow this size. In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the gas: "Look how easy the agriculture?
When the tomatoes were beautiful, mature and red, at night at the morning, 200 hypothesis appeared from the river and ate everything.  And we said to the games, "Oh my God, we have them."
And the gas said, "Yeah, that's why we don't have agriculture here;  "Why didn't they say that? You never asked.
I thought only the Italians made mistakes in Africa, but then I saw what Americans do, what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hyperactivity.
You should look at the waste --  -- they should see the waste that we put out to the people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "Lady Demonstration from Bambai Mamma, winning embarrassing.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donor countries, we've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that money has caused it.
They just read your book.
Take it out of an African woman, the damage we've done.
We Westerners are important, colonial missions, and we treat people only in two ways, or the patterns, or we're patterns.
The two words come from the Latin Pathogen Rat."
However, they mean two different things.
Patriorism, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my children, "I want a lot.
Patrickage, I treat all of the different culture as if they were my services.
So white people in Africa are called "Boy: Kine.
That book gave me a slap in the face. "The little thing is beautiful." I write by Schrocher, who said about all economic development, if people don't want to be helped -- let them go alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is respect.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a base on the ground and said, "Can you imagine a city that's not non-let?
I decided at the age of 27 years to just respond to people, and invented a system called Factory Factory where you never start anything, you have never motivates anyone, but it becomes a service of local passion, the service of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? You shut up.
I never come to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people in the local.
We don't work from offices.
We met in a coffee cafe -- we met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give somebody an idea.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's going to do?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge because no one in the world can succeed.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once, we heard it? But not in community meetings.
Let me tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never attend -- and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they have identified.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face -- you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family family of the company, the family doctor of the business, which is established with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, and that helps you find the resources to transform their passion in a way to make a living.
I started this as a test in Spanish, Western Australia.
I was making a Ph.D. at the time, trying to get away from this confident garbage where we came to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects in march, and the government came to me to say, "How can you do that?
How can you do it? And I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
I was street, and I listened to them,   So the government says, "Make it again."  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 business.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying from loneliness as well.
Peter Drug, one of the greatest business advice in history, passed at 96 years ago.
Peter Drapt was philosophy professor before he was involved in business, and this is what Peter Drug says, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an economy of innovative company."
Planning is the kiss of the death of the business spirit.
So now you're going to rebuild Christian without knowing what the most expensive people in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to go to conversation with you.
You have to offer them confidence, privacy, it has to be fantastic to help you, and then you will grow, you will come in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion?
What do you introduce more this morning.
Local people. That's what you have clapping.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution -- fossil fuels, non-lethal fossil revolution -- and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The face as a way of holding machines is not sustainable.
What we need to consider, is how we nurture, we cure, we educate, we communicate to seven billion people in a sustainable way.
We don't have the technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for green revolution -- the universities for the ground?
Government? Forget it.
They'll be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's an extraordinary story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 1860.
And in 1860, this group of people gathered together, and they speculate what happened to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was somewhere, New York City wouldn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and they pointed out, if the population keeps growing up to this rate, to bring to the population of New York around the air, they would require six million horses. And the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already focusing on strangers.  So in 1860, they were making this dirty technology that would destroy the life of New York.
So what happens? Over the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States 100 authorities appeared -- automatic manufacturing companies, 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few signs, scales, factories in advanced places.
Development, Michigan. Henry Ford.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer them.
Otherwise, they won't come to conversation with you.
Then, you have to offer them an absolute one, dedicated service, extinct service.
And finally, you will have to tell you the truth with respect to entertainment.
The smallest company, the largest company, has to be able to do three things: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic marketing and you have to count with a fantastic financial administration.
You know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can make, sell and look for money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This hasn't yet been born.
We have research and looked at the 100 icon companies in the Carnegie world, Western, Edison Cometicks, all the new companies, Google, Jamai.
There is only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common, just one: No one was initiated by one person.
I never had the word "me," but the word "We "Are 32, 32 times.
He wasn't just when he began.
Nobody starts a company alone. No one.
So we can create the community where we have efficiency, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in coffee carbons, in bars next to their dedicated devices who will do for you, what somebody did for this gentleman who speaks to this epidemic, someone who would ask you, what do you need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Okay, can you sell it? Can you look for money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that." "I want you to look at anybody?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
People who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't really exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like salts, the themes and chalk.
These projects emerged from questions like how much my neighbors pay for their applications?
How can we pay and ask for more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do you share more memories of our buildings abandoned and understand our landscape?
How do we share our hopes to the empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams."
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant rollings that give shame to lovers and software and friends from centuries and trust in a city.
 There's a delight in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest number of abandoned properties.
I live near this house and I thought how I could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Johnson, as a mother for me.
His death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this made me a deep gratitude over time.
He gave him clarity to the significant things of my current life.
But I refuse to keep this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to leave the day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old friends and new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned house in a giant blackboard, and he painted on her sentences to fill out, "Before I die ...
So the trains could take a ticket, reflect about their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was full and kept covering it.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I die I want to be a pile of paradox:  Before I die I want to sit in the short line of share change."
Before I die, I want to sing for millions of people."
Before I die, I want to plant a tree."
Before I die I want to live outside the network."
Before I die, I want to make it again."
Before I die I want to go to somebody's rescue.
Before I die I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh at charges, they were shocked, and they gave me comfort at hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and stream ways -- it's about giving the reflection and contemplation and to remember what's most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year and started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
And so with my colleagues of the civic center, we made a kit, and now they've been done walls in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Argentina, Argentina and beyond.
Together we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people.
In our age, it is more important than ever, finding ways to preserve perspective and remember that life is short and delicious.
Death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but understood that we prepare for death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think about death clarify our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters us as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fear and stories, the people around us cannot only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Today I have a single request.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers now.
Remote is 22 years old, it's high and very guilt.
It doesn't speak, but it takes joy better than some of the best speakers.
And he knows what love is.
You share it incredibly pass what happens.
It's not a advance. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about religious differences and think about this: Never lie.
When I sing songs from our childhood, trying to provide words that I can't even remember of, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown thing.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's very glass.
It has the most unexpected memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I didn't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year I came out of every single song of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, and I was standing in my arm during the first episode of the Telescope and the Lady Gaga birthday.
Don't you look amazing?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because their minds don't adjust to the notion of society, they're often ignored and understood.
But what drives my heart and struck my soul was that even if that was the case, although they didn't consider them within the ordinary, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary and autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar things with the term "attacks," it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In every individual they manifest in a different way, from there that Remote is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the development disorders that rapidly increases in the world, there is no cause or a known cure or a known curve.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new self in my life.
When a few months, I realized that he was different.
I grew a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and, in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
He was alive and revealed in his own world, with their own rules, and I found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting the cars in row around the room, looking at the washing room, and eating anything that would be between media.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond the barbs, frustration and endless hyperactivity, there was something really unique -- a pure and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without prejudice.
remarkable.
I can't deny that there have been some tough moments in my family, moments where I wish they were just like me.
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that would not want to change by normal.
Normal goes through the beauty that give us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that any of you are wrong.
It only means that there's a different view of what's right now.
If I could transmit one thing to Remoy and Sam and you, it would be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences that we have, are a gift. It's a gift -- each of us has a gift in their inner and honestly, the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of the potential.
The opportunity for great, progress and change die at the time where we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit of what Alice has been to be in the country.
Penn State asked me to me, a communications professor, who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was frightened.  And I was really frightened by these students with their big minds, their big books and their big words and high-tech words.
But when you develop those conversations, I felt what Alice must have felt when she fell down the course of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt like I had those conversations with the students, and I was amazed with the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our larger challenges, from energy to environment and health care, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists having these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sexy and that their engineering is attractive.
First question to remind you, and then what?
Tell me why science is relevant to us.
We don't simply tell us to study the transistors, but they study the transistors, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat optimism.
And when they're describing their science, caring with the joy.
The air is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say space and temporary, but why not say space and time that is much more accessible to us?
To make them accessible is not the same thing as a dumb thing.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can communicate clearly their science without compromise the ideas.
One thing to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- they're ways of looking at and excited with their content.
And by presenting their work, forget from the salts of "ball."
They have wondered why they're called "balloon?  What do the balance do? The bullets kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it gets too supported in the language of our brain and absorbed us.
Instead, this example of example by Gene Brown is much more effective. It shows that the special structure of the transistors is so strong that I really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower Tower, actually.
The trick here is to use a simple sentence, legal phrase, that the audience can understand if it loses a little bit, and then to provide graphics that appeal to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what it is described.
I think these are just some key that can help us open the door and look at the country of the wonders that science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, for all media, give me a simplicity.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words from all over the dictionary of the Oxford English is "allege."
Just because it sounds very well.
And "Legoton: "Letter politics: "Fishery politics."
Although there was an editor in the 19th century that defined it much better when he said, "A legislation is what it looks for a public charge without matter, platform or beginning, and that, when he won, you get it for the mere use of a record verbally.
I have no idea what "the "retrospice means.
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until for example, 1771, the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the cardiac camera.
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the insight of Brazil Crasher, who faced the Park.
They took him on the London Tower and they harvested him, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end he had such a popular support in London.
And only a few years later, we had the first recorded use of the phrase "for "The Brother So But Brother like metal."
Most people think it's literature.
It's not. It's because of a freedom of freedom of expression.
But to actually show you how words and politics interact, I want you to come back to the United States, just after independence, right after independence, right after independence, as well.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was debate in Congress for a long time.
They were presented all kinds of suggestions that could have failed.
Some of them wanted to call it "Jean-World from State Washington, and others Alexander, "My Alta George Washington and other Defenses of the American American People.
Not very attractive.
Some of you just wanted to call it "River."
They thought it was a quality of quality.
And not even with it was monopolitaris, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term.
And it could have serious.
Everybody is considered immediately, because this debate was produced for three weeks.
I read the newspaper of a poor signal, and I always wrote, still with this size."
What caused the portrait and the way the House of Representatives was against the Senate.
The House of Representatives didn't want Washington to get rid of power.
They didn't want to call it king for whether he gave him to his own own ideas.
So they wanted to give it the most modest title and more immensely and more profitable than it was happening.
And that title was "President."
President. They didn't invent the title -- there was already before, but it just meant somebody who presents a meeting."
It was like the president of a guard.
And I didn't have much more gravitational than the term "and "supermarket: "The Super Or Superhand."
There were massive presidents of small colonial skills and government failure, but it was really an insignificant title.
And that's why the Senate was cool.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President.
This guy has to be treated and gathering with foreign digits."
"And who will take you seriously, with a very ridiculous and inequality title like President of America?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't deliver.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite, to where I have been able to find out, the Senate has never been reflected by the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky enough to follow there, waiting for the Senate to be in action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- you may keep waiting for 222 years more.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and this is what I want to leave with you, is that the U.S. president title doesn't sound as modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to disability, the largest economy of the world and a fleet of aerial air vehicles and so on.
The reality and history have led to the title of gravity.
So eventually he won the Senate.
They got their respect title.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of silicon, well, it was a uniqueness at the time.
But you know how many nations you have now president?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads, etc.
So, at the end of the Senate Seattly and the House of Repression lost because no one is going to feel humble when they tell them that they're now the President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn with, and what I'd like to leave with.
The politicians try to choose and use words to shape and control reality, but really, the modern reality is much more the words than what they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters under land in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded with heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the surrounding of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that they talk about, but especially that cacophony of male and stones with primitive tools.
Like others, I carry a cheap light line of the test light to the head with this advanced electronics, and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that one meter that drops hundreds of meters on the ground.
And I released my hand, and suddenly I remember a mining that I met days before, who lost control and fell up countless feet in that poet.
As I talk to you today, these men are deep at the depths of that hole risking their lives without paying and reward and often dying.
I walked out of that hole and I went home but they may never do it, because they're prey from slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition at the Vancouver Peace Summit of Vancouver Peace Coming.
Among all the amazing people I met there, I met an integration of Free The Salmans, an NGO that is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world, but not to such a degree.
When we finished talking to me, I was very bad. Honestly, I was embarrassed to ignore this attack of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
He made me a student and the weeks later, flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of "Free The Salmans and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these places.
Some of them, even the second home.
But this time, it selling the dirty travels.
A conservative calculation says that there are more than 27 million people in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans displaced during all of the transition of transitional slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of a agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of the equivalent of about 50,000 today.
However, today you can enslave the entire families by generations of 18 dollars.
Surprisingly, slavery generates profits from more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been deceptive with false promises of good education and better work to then discover that they're forced to work without pay, under threat threat and cannot escape.
Today slavery operates in trade, the goods produced by slaves have value, but who produce them are designed.
So slavery exists in almost everyone and yet, it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met brick horses.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the ancient Egypt or the hell of Dan.
In a temperature of 54 C, men, women, children, in fact, family families wrapped into a piece of dust -- they stack mechanically bricks in their head, up to 18 at once, and they lead them from the strangers that are in trucks that are at hundreds of feet.
Destroyed by the monkey and the song work in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There was no pause to eat, not to drink, and the severe depression made me pee pretty interesting.
So penis were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to the touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the furnaces I wanted to cry, but the abstract who was next to me quickly grabbed me and said, "Look, don't do it. Don't do it here."
And it explained to me that demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer them any direct help.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I was not citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already already.
I had to trust the Salman and work within the system for his release and trust that they would get it.
In terms of me, I waited to get home to feel my heart heartbreak.
In the Himalayas, I found children running rocks for miles for mountains to the mountains that were waiting down.
Those big plants were more heavy than the kids who charge them and children held them to their heads with corals made of sticks and ropes and hands.
It's hard to witness something so overwhelming.
How can we influence something so insight, but so observation?
Some people don't even know that they are slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without pay, because this has been this whole life.
They have nothing about what to compare to.
When these villagers collected their freedom, the slaves were completely burned.
As we heard the word slavery. We often thought about sexual trafficking, and because of this global awareness I was given to me that it would be difficult for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Katrina I got a lot of women who had previously been sexual scale.
I was driven by a few strangers who gave this dirty basement, of slow light.
It wasn't exactly a block.
It was rather a restaurant.
Resistant, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms where the clouds with their girls and children, some of the only seven years -- they're forced to train customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each place is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
The workers often suffer sexual abuse by hands of their clients.
As a foot in the press, I remember feeling an architectural acute fear and in that instant, I barely could imagine what should be stuck in that hell.
I just had a complete complete, the stairs.
There were no doors behind.
There were no windows enough to transport.
Those people don't have school, and because we play a very difficult topic, it's important to point out that slavery even the sexual traffic is happening around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants in domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sexual slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
Texts are another activity that we often relate to the labor of slave labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families enslaved in the silk trade.
This is a family portrait.
The black hands of black are the father -- the telescopes of blue and red, their children.
They mix headlines in these big barrels and dip the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the ink is toxic.
My performer told me his stories.
"We have no freedom." They said.
"We still hope, though, can be able to get out of this house someday and go somewhere where our work really pays us.
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children enslaved in Lake Volve, the largest artificial lake of the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a boat, two older brothers, some younger kids, makes sense not?
Wrong. They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their translated families, disappeared and forced to work extremely twins in these boats in the lake -- despite not knowing swimming.
This kid is eight years old.
When our boat came up was shaking. It was a little bit extremely embarrassed.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into the water.
The branches of the substance trees in the Valley landscape often catch networks and children and failed and fear, they are sticking into water to unleash the branches.
Many of them are closed.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work in the lake.
For fear of his love is not going to flee and, as all of life has been treated with crossing, it's cruel to the youngest slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning, when they took the latest networks, but they had been working from one one.
In the cold and very windy night.
And I want to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Kotali.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met it in a refugee where I from the Stephen Stone Alexander to symbolic victims.
Kofi symbolic the possible.
Who will become because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
driving through a road in Ghana with the partners of Free the Salashams, an abstract fellow with his engine suddenly accelerating and shore our car and played the window.
It asked us to follow it on a path of land to the jungle.
At the end of the road, we went out to come out of the car, and he asked him to go out of the car, and he asked the driver to come out quickly.
Then I pointed out this sensitive barely visible and said, "This is the path, this is the road. Come on!
As we started down, we took out the lens that blocked the path and after walking about an hour and we found that the path was attached by the recent rain, so I put the pictures of pictures on my head as we went down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of truck, the smart path ended up absorbed in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all filled with enslaved.
Many women had children attached to their backs, and as they were looking for gold.
The market is used in the process of extraction.
These mines are enslaved in a pit somewhere in Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes, shortly, since many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells are up to 90 feet and these people are carrying heavy stone bags that will then be transported to another area where they would make the stone to extract the gold.
In the first view, the site seems to be filled with strong and precious men but if you look closer at it, the margin we see to work to others less lucky and also children.
They're all victims of injuries, disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ended up as this victim of tuberculosis and the marketing of the turbine in a few years.
This is Manhattan. When his father died, his father took him to work with him in the mines.
By dying his uncle, Manhattan inherit the debt of the uncle that force it to be slaves in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the leg of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in mine, so severe that doctors said it should be addicted.
In addition to that, Manhattan has tuberculosis, and not because of that, he's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dream about being released and educated with the help of local activists like "Freedom the Salman, and it's this kind of determination, in face to a remote possibility, which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to shine light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted them to know that we will make testimony of them and we will do everything possible to help change their lives.
I just think that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not about magazines -- they're of people, real people, like you, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that I think I don't think about these so many beautiful people, mass people, that I've had the great honor to meet.
I hope that these images wake up a force where you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force will turn a fire, and that that fire will shine light on slavery because, without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do a mathematician app and there's a peculiar problem for anyone who does it -- we're like management drivers.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So I'm going to try and explain to you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
They get rid of the volts of the ballet and the climbing dancers --  that we will see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably some initial advance that can have a genetic component.
Unfortunately, neurological disorders like Parkinson's bad destroy gradually destroy this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane Surgeon, who, in his time, was a virtual ballet dance.
In the last few years it's been made a lot in treatment.
However, there are 6.5 million people in the world that are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable weakness, temperatures, rich and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way, and ultimately, the only way we know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective and a certificate metric.
But it's frustrating that for the Parkinson's and other movement disorders, there are no biological markers. That's why they don't serve blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurological exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do that. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside the clinical trials, they never do. It's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to clinic. What if patients could do the exam themselves.
It wouldn't be personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as a not conventional way to try to try it, you see, in some sense at least, we're all virtuous as my friend Jane Strategrad.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal strings.
It shows somebody healthy as you take sounds to speak -- we can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the genes need -- Foundation, for example.
And like the ball, it requires a level of extraordinary training.
Think about the time that takes a child to learn how to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal ropes as they vibrate -- and as Parkinson's affects the limbs, it also affects vocal organs.
On the bottom of the bottom you can see an example of irregular tools from vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
Voice tool, difficulty and rich.
The speech becomes more quiet and approved after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are not invisible.
The neurological test is not invasive -- both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are precise. Okay, but also the examples based on voice are not special.
I mean, they can be automated.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
They are common cost, and we all know what happens.
When something takes a cost so low, it comes up on a massive scale.
These are some incredible goals ready to address it.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I wouldn't need to go to the clinic for the routine cell.
With high frequency monitoring we could get objective data.
We could make massive cost of low cost for clinical trials, and for the first time, false seals on the general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomass of the disease before it's too late.
So by giving the first steps in that sense, we are launching the Parkinson's Initiative initiative.
Together Calcult and Parkinson, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have access local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
anyone, with Parkinson's or without Parkinson's, can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Mamma, taking all of these samples of, say, 10,000 people, can you say who's healthy and who doesn't?
What would you take out of these samples?
Max Lithman." Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether you have or not the disease. TR: Sure.
LT: You see, some people may not pass it. You may not finish it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of collected data in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for limit the confusion factors in search for the actual markers of the disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy at this point?
LT: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Tacemerroons, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now it has shown that it works in the mobile phone network too, which adapts the project. We have 99 percent accuracy now.
TR: Nobel and nine. Well, it's an improvement.
LT: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Litharist, public.
LT: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I did photographic records in New York City.
We're flat, grass.
We hide in the dark, in the water without windows, and usually we avoid sunlight.
We do the thin models even more thin -- the perfect skin even more perfect we do the impossible, possible and criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with a lot of years of experience and a true taste for images and photograph.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
A little time later, an organization where it was voluntary -- there Hans Volves, was in the place working as part of the response team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13 traveled to Opportunity.
It's a little town of fishermen located in the president of Israel in almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The water of water recorded more than 24 feet tall and over three lands inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devoted.
We take rubble from channels and carbons.
We cleaned up schools. We take the side and leave the houses ready to be tadpoles and released.
We take tons and tons of dead fish, applicated, paradox of local factory.
We got sick and loved us.
For weeks, both volunteers like neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of photos and cameras and Steve cards.
They all did the same thing.
You pick them up and take them to different places of people around them to save them.
It wasn't until I realized that those pictures represent a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffering.
As they fled the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started helping in a village environment.
I helped clean the common bathrooms the enormous, giant banks.
This place turned out to be the place of the village where the education center picks up the photos.
They took them up and I had the honor that day would trust me to clean up the photos.
This was exciting and inspired -- I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I took myself my horizons that something happened.
When I looked at pictures, I found some that had more than a hundred years old -- some of them were still on the lab on the lab, I couldn't help to think about as a metaphor how to fix that trait and repair that rumator and knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night went into Facebook contacted with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive. I knew we had to try.
So we started collecting the photos.
This was the first of all.
I wasn't too strange, but where the water had declared the face of the girl had a lot of precision and delicious.
Otherwise, that little girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the strange picture.
On the step of time, they got the more pictures of the time, and they needed more methods and so that I entered Facebook and LinkedIn, and five days later, 80 days later, 80 people were offered to help.
In the course of two weeks, I had 150 people to join together.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Rikoc, a neighboring village north of Samber.
Once a week, we used our scanner in the temporal photographic libraries that had been installed where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they were trying to deliver them is a different story, it depended on of course the desperation of the photos.
I could implement an hour. It could be a couple of weeks.
I could make a few months.
This military had to draw virtually by hand using as the areas whose color and detail, the water had not destroyed.
I took a lot of time.
The water destroyed all these pictures in salt water, battle covered by bacteria, with algae -- even with oil, all of them together with the step of time continues to destroy them, so cleaning them by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't pick up the photo unless he was clean, dry and had been recruited by his owner as well.
We had lucky to the hand.
We have the guide of a neighborhood admire.
It's very easy to harm the pictures already damaged already.
As William once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman that brought us these pictures was lucky to photos.
He had started to clean it herself down, but he stopped to realize that I knew them even more.
He also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face wouldn't have been able to rebuild -- we could solve the images in a single picture and collect the whole picture.
When he picked up his pictures shared some of his story with us.
A few colleagues in his husband found the pictures in a bomb station between the facts far away from where his house used to be, but his colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the list of closing the barriers to the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the circumstances were sounded.
Her small children, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different school.
One of them was stuck in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived.
The day he was introduced to her pictures that his youngest son was 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do it, something that he could go back to look at something that I could remember from the past that would not have been beaten by that day of March when everything in his life changed or destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined up to there Hans hundreds of them helped us clean up more than 135,000 photos -- the vast majority -- -- the big majority of them came back to their owners -- important.
Over 500 volunteers from all over the world helped us return to 90 families of fully restaurants and challenged pictures of photos.
During this time, we don't really spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of them in ink for printer.
We take pictures of comfortable.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody wanted.
They are guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take away but the first thing we would come back to look for.
This is what the project was about, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return to someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this is attached to somebody, it is a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the methods.
Some of them connected to them with something larger, to bring something, using their talent for something that are not a perfect skin of skin.
In closing, I would like to read this email. I sent it Cindy the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I was tracking, I couldn't stop thinking about people and stories shown in the images.
One in particular, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the little girl, gathered around a baby, I moved around a baby, because a similar picture of my family family my grandmother, my mother, me and my recent daughter was born from our wall.
In the entire world, in all of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Doctor Edgen inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that runs an apple in an exhibition of just a thousandth of a second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion dollars per second.
I introduce you a new kind of photograph, photography." A new technique so fast that can create videos in slow motion of light.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the riches, beyond the line of vision, or seeing the inside of the body without using X-rays, and actually challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser pointer and turn it up and turn it into a billion of a second, it is, in several microseconds to create a package of pictures of just one millimeter wide.
And that package of photons that battery, to travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common ball.
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and we shoot on this bottle, how do those photons dispersed inside this bottle.
What's the aspect of light in slow motion.
Now, all of this --   Remember that all of this happens effectively in less than a nano is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola didn't apply this research.  They have a lot of things in this film, disabled this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our ball, comes into the bottle, with a package of photons that starts to go through it, and inside, it starts to spend.
Part of the light is supposed, goes to the table, and we started to see these online.
Many of the photons eventually get to the layer and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside the inside.
At that time, waves travel through the table, and because of the reflections at the top of the top, you see at the bottom of the bottle, after several frames that the reflection are concentrated with.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet and we make it look at the same distance, and we see it in a slow camera to about 10 billion times, how much you think you would take us to see that film?
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film --  -- of a slow bullet ball.
And how about testing with death nature?
You can see the waves that get off the table and the tomato and the bottom wall.
It's like throwing a stone on a pond.
It's the way nature paints a picture, thought about a digital at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this tomato more and more that top, you will realize that, as the light starts out of the tomato too, it is still brilliant.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light bounce in its inner and comes back after several trillion billions.
In the future, when this female is in its mobile phone, they are going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT for?
As photographers -- you know, if we take a picture of low exposure, it enters very little light.
But we're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so you just come into some light.
We sent that bullet -- that pack of photons millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very unusual sync -- we took those data giants and we introduced them computer to create those memories that I showed you.
We can take all of those data in crude and process them differently.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
And if a new power of a supermassive future would allow him to see after the riches?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door. Retort, go into the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
And where we could extract those multiple light structures.
It's not science fiction. We've already built it.
On the left is our feminist.
Behind the wall there is a handle and we will retire light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communication.
And a small fraction of the photons will come back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works so quickly, our feminist, has unique capabilities.
It has very good temporary resolution, and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what point it corresponds to.
When you project a laser you can record a bubble picture, which, you see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But will we take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, we'll put them together and try to analyze the multiple light bounce, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D.
This is our reconstruction of it.
We have things to explore before the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collision with what's around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open windows open.
Or we could build engaged able to see the inside of the body running eye, and the same for characters.
But of course, because of tissue and blood -- this is quite difficult, so this is actually a request to scientists so that they start thinking about photographer as a new diversity of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation.
Just as Doctor Edgen, he himself was a scientist, turned into art, an art of supermarket photographs.
I realized that all the giant data that we collected every time are not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
Create a new form of computational photography with slow camera and color code.
And we look at those waves. Remember, the time between each one of those waves is just a few billions of a second.
But here is something fun here.
If you look at the waves below the map, they get away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects. A would have loved to see this image.
The order in which the events occur in the world sometimes appear to invest in the camera.
By applying the corresponding deforestation of space and time, we can correct this distribution.
That's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A mobile phone can change life, and you give you individual freedom.
With a mobile phone, you can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song to Solay and get famous.
All of this is possible with a cell phone.
I'm a child in 1984 and alive in the city of Berlin City.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were trying to look for change.
This is the old of 1989, imagine if all these people who are involved in looking for a change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who are you coming up with a cell phone here?
Get them up.
Raise your mobile phone, get them up.
Get them up. A Ardino, a Blackberry, warm."
It's a lot. Almost everyone today has a cell phone.
But today I'm talking about me, my mobile phone, and how life changed me.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35,000 lines of information.
Data in brutal.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission presented a direction.
The data December Director.
This director says that every European telephone company, every single vendor of the Internet all over Europe, has to store a wide range of information from users.
Who calls who, who sends an email who sends an email to.
Who sends him a text whom I send to you.
And if we use the mobile phone, where we are.
All this information is stored for at least six months, and to two years, in their phone company or the Internet provider.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data feedback.
We want the self-organization in the digital age, and we don't want phones and the Internet providers to store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets of Berlin and said, "Freedom, not fear."
And some people even said that this would be the Stonewall 2.0.
The status was the secret police of East Germany.
And I also wondered if this really works.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the phone?
So I asked my phone team, Department Telemanch, who was then the largest telephone company in Germany, who please.
I asked them once, and I asked them, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all blah, blah, blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're playing my life.
So I decided to start a court demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Department Telescope said no, we're not going to give you this information.
At the end we signed an agreement.
I would remove the demand and they send me the information that I had.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Court failed the inclusion for German law from the E.U.
So I got this ugly on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Thirty and five thousand other lines of information.
I first saw them and I said, well, it's a huge file. Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little school. What should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data feedback means.
So next to Keith Online and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six months visualization of my life.
You can zoom in, and you can go back and forward.
You can see every step I have.
And you can see how I'm going from Francisco in train to colony, and what often I call in the journey.
This is all possible with this information.
That's a little bit of fear.
But it's not just about me.
But from all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talked a couple of times.
And then they call me some friends and they call me between them.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we end up with this big network of communication.
You can see how your people communicate each other to what time they call each other, what time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to who, who gives you an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said earlier, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
And the State would have known who involved in this protest, and if the State would have known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The Berlin Wall in Berlin may never have happened.
And, in fact, neither of the iron Cortisol correct.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store so much information from us as possible within and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and want to store them forever.
But the authority and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for the self-organization.
You have to fight for that every day.
When they go home to tell your friends that privacy is a 21st-century value and it's not stepping.
When you go home, tell your representation that only because companies and state agencies can store some information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information they store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones to remember that you have to fight the distribute in the digital era.
Thank you.
Hello, TEDTalk, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello, TEDTalk, what happens?
I call me Massachusett Zaira, and I'm not drunk but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions.
As a result, I have brain paralysis, that's why it telescopes all the time.
Look at it.
It's a story. I'm like a shoe of Shahbard.
And Muhammad Alex.
P. C. C. It's not genetics.
It's not congressant or can be contributed.
No one put my mother from my mother and I didn't touch it because my parents were cousins, even though they are.
It only happens by accidents, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration -- and I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they've been willing to be disappointed.
We go from gold.
You see Christmas -- they're at the commercial center, drive in circles in looking for parking and what do you see?
16 empty places for disabled.
And you think, "God, can I be at least a little disabled?
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and Dr. C. It's just one of them.
If there was a purpose of the oppression -- I would win the gold medal.
I'm a Palestinian partner, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe they should do it.
I'm from Park Clauctive, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same initiatives.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe it can."
The mantra of my father was, "You can make it -- dance transformation."
If my three older sisters cleaned up, I cleaned up.
If my three older sisters went to public school, my parents gave to the school system and make sure that I was going to be out of it, and if we didn't take all of us in the middle note, we all got the shoe of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five years by putting my feet on her feet and just walking.
Another technique that I used was to put a dollar in front of me to pursue it.
The strange thing I carry inside was very strong.
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten garden walked like a bomb campaign that has received a lot of hits.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city and were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabic, and they keep all of the family --  I think nobody realized that we were not Italian.
This was before 9/11, and that politicians would think appropriate to use "Oddit to Muslims as a campaign lamp.
The people I grew up with had no problem with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry about a lot of hunger during the rag.
I told them that I had enough fat to live three months without eating, so I'll help the dawn of the lander at the end of it is very easy.
Dan shot in Broadway, Brown.
Yes, in Broadway, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with hackers, or I can walk with charges.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a kid, so if my friends used touchs, I too.
And when my friends were going to pass the summer vacation on the coast of Jersey, I didn't go.
I was spending my summer in a war zone, because my parents were afraid that if we didn't go back to Palestine all summer, we would become Madino.
In the summer vacation often my father tried to send up, so I drink milk milk -- I had hot glasses on the back, I immersed me at the Dead Sea, and I remember that water took my eyes and I thought, "It works, work."
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say it's very boring, but before you do yoga it was a stage of students that could not stand up -- I just couldn't stand up.
And now I can stand in your head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be on the General Hospital.
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the state of Arizona, because he was in all the courses.
It was like the map of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least smart, I took the maximum note in my classes and also in his classes.
Every time I made a scene from the crystal zoo my teachers were crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to do a work called Daniel very slow in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with brain paralysis.
I was a girl with brain paralysis.
So I started to shout up the four winds.
I have brain paralysis.
And at the end of the free end.
Thank God that I'm free."
I didn't get the paper.  They gave him to Steven Brown.
I went to increase running the desert of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask why and she told me that because they believed I couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the risk scenes.
It was a role for which he literally had born and gave it to an actress without brain paralysis.
The university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a crazy story of hearing actors without disability for disabled paper.
As I graduated, I went home, and my first action was like a telescope on a television.
My dream became true.
And I knew it would be a picture of "page to better friend in a sandwich.
Instead, I stayed there as a vase -- I didn't see it more than the nice, and it was obvious to me that the repair directors didn't hire addiction anticipations, not white, with disability.
They only hire perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Whitopia Goldiver, Rosie Barry, Ell, and all these women had one thing in common: they were commentary.
So I made a hormone.
In my first tour, he took famous comics from New York to New Jersey to New Jersey, and never forget the face of the first cartoon that he took when I fell up in the account that I was going high speed for the New Jersey Highway with a driver that had brain paralysis.
I worked in clubs all over the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, no censorship and no candle.
Some people say that I'm the first monopoly of the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know you never heard that little unpleasant rumor that says women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother from another mother and father, Dean Obero, and I launched the New York City Festival -- now in his 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Arabics in the media and at the same time remind them to the directors of repair that South and Arabic are not synonymous about.
Interconnected Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of disability of disability.
My big opportunity came in 2010.
I was like invited to the cable news program count back with Keith Golden.
I walked into a graduate dance, and I was dragged to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Excuse me, can you give me another chair?
She looked at me and said, "Five, four, three, two.
And we were live.
So I went to the desk of the present to not go out of the screen during the segment during the security, and when I finished the interview, I was plastic.
I finally had my opportunity and he disappeared. I knew they wouldn't get involved.
But not only Mr. Pollutor came back to inviting me, but I was a complete time and I pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith Toronization was that people on the Internet are a school.
You say that kids are crowds, but they never get a lot of fun of me or child or bigger.
Suddenly, my Internet disability became a furniture object.
I saw clips online with comments like, "Why the telephone the telephone?
"Is it reflected?
And my favorite, "Poor furious terrorist fuel.
What disease does it have?
We really should pray for it."
A reviewer suggested even that I would add my disability to my current current: Guarfall, measure, paralyzing.
Disability is as visual as race.
If someone in wheelchair can't make Beijing, then Zei can't make someone in a wheelchair.
The disabled ones are the -- yeah, apply, man. Come on.
We are the largest minority of the world, and the most supported in the world of entertainment.
Doctors say I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, I was growing up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would promote less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My total journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I came to walk through the red carpet flow through the delivery of the Telescope Susan Luciter and the conclusion Rule Army.
I came to act in a film with Adam Sander and work with my pain, the incredible Dave Matts.
I went through the world -- "The Arabs have become crazy.
I was delegate in the represent of the great state of New Jersey in the CEO of 2008.
And I founded "The Children of Mayas, a charity to give the Palestinian refugee kids a little bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me acting live, and I gave this talk to her memory.
Does it in peace, past paper.
I call me Massachusett Zaira, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
It lives in a little town in South America.
This village is near Mozordamin.
The drought drives the little village to poverty and the edge of the innovation.
No anything for him there, it goes to the great city, in this case, Mozart, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of Mozart.
After maybe a year ago, nothing.
One day you come up with a gentleman who offers him to lead to lunch, after dinner, to deliver.
It knows a dynamic group of people, which gives him a break.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home to her family.
They present to a young guy.
You finally home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mozart, under a blue sky, a bomb car.
That little boy of that little village with the dreams of big care was the suicide bomber -- and that dynamic group of people were al Shanghai, a terrorist organization connected with the Qaeda.
So how did the story of a little town try to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him in the city with it?
He was waiting for.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing he arrived.
This was the first thing I took it out of what we call "the hope period."
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the marginalized urban young urban youth who trigger riots in Johns, trigger riots in London, who look for something beyond the waiting "personal person."
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of work, of work, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest unemployment rates.
By 2030, three in five people living in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include the young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunity, the story of the hope "about the way -- the door of access to terrorism, to violence, to the gang -- will be the history of the cities.
And in my city of birth, Mozart, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't do virtually anything.
I went back to Mozordami last month, and I went to visit the Moderator hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in that hospital and I remember bad things thinking, and if I never gone?
And if I'd been forced to be in that same "particular "about the spectrum?
Would it have become a terrorist?
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in Mozart that month was actually to support some juvenile leaders in a business range.
It gathered about 90 Somali leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adria.
He went to the University of Mozordami, he graduated it.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, that because it was a graduate university, unemployed, frustrated, it was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be recruited to be.
They looked for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mozart, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets.
Sense years of civil war have completely destroyed the visible system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move.
And you saw an opportunity and he spread it.
He started a motorcycle company.
It started alarming motorcycles to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point expanding hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this story?
What does it make this story different?
I think your ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the waiting of wait."
And the young people who are young to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately they're looking for it.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk about a young man who passed one of my meetings, Mohammed Mohamed, a flower.
I was helping me train some of the young people in the summit of corporate initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative culture.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mozart has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed arrived, if you wanted flowers to your wedding -- we used to be plastic sent from the abroad.
If you asked somebody, "When was the last time you saw fresh flowers from free?
For those who grew up during civil war, the answer would be, "Never."
So Mohamed saw an opportunity.
He started a company of paralysis and flower design.
He created a farm on the outskirts of Mozart, and he started growing telescopes and limits, which said, could survive the hard weather of Mozart.
And it started the delivery of flowers for boards, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now he's working on the creation of the first public park in Mozordami in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mozart.
It wants to create a space where the families, the young people, can go together, and, as he says, smell the proverbial rivers.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO, working for the government, but his story, their innovation, actually had a strong impact about them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, that they could be a change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They made business solutions for local problems.
So, inspiring young people and creating a culture of business spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas.
They need expertise and orientation to guide them in the development and put it into their business.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, they give them the support they need to move from the conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohammed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park -- that's how it calls it, when it's created, transform the way people see their city.
They were hired by the street kids to help rent and maintain the motors for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the paralysis of "the "wishous" personality."
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is: convert young people in entrepreneurs -- include and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and parks of peace than both country and "particular "performance?
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Advance mountains, an area back north of New York State.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest confident.
The sun made the leaves glow as a vitamination, and not to be the path that we follow, we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings to run that land.
We got to our camp.
It was a conduct in a laughter with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the shed there was a break, of about four square feet with apple hearts balls of aluminum paper balls, and old clients.
And I was announcing, I was very angry and incredibly confused.
The camps that were too lazy as to get out what they thought was going to clean up their base?
That question followed with me, and it was a little bit simplified a little bit.
Who cleaned our base?
No matter how they organize or where they put the outside out, who cleaned our trash in Istanbul, in Starbuck?
Who cleaned our trash in Rio or Paris or in London.
Here in New York, the Department of Health clean our garbage -- as opposed to 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does it feel like to use the uniform and take that load?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through their journey and interviewed people in office and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intriguing.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a garbage reconstruction.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I drive them.
And he operated the mechanical beetles and the snow bars.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as predatory as they believe, and in the days that it's very strong you get used quickly.
It costs a lot to get the weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies continued to adjust the weight of taking over their body tons every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of Labama Station, waste collection is one of the ten most dangerous occupation of the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and they pass around you.
They just want to get married, so in general, the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And the garbage itself is filled with dangers that often fall out of the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the implant of garbage.
When you get out of the corner and you see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that garbage is as a force of nature itself.
He never stopped coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It always has to be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I believe strongly that waste readers are the most important labor hand in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They are the first public health protection.
If you don't get rid of experimental waste and effective every day, this starts to get rid of their container and their inherent dangers threaten us in very real ways.
diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start to dance.
The economy needs it.
If we can't get rid of the old thing, we don't have space for what the economics of the economy start to fail when it is in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, only its relationship.
And then there's what I call our average average speed need.
So I mean just at the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry, or we don't represent, we clean or take our coffee cup with us, our band battery, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them, we forget about them, because we know there is a job force on the other side that will come into it.
So today I want to suggest to you a couple of ways to think about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Their work, I think, is almost literature.
They're on the street every day, an atmosphere.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you will.
And their work allows us to do our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us out of ourselves, from our own waste, our streams, and that flow always has to stay in a way or another.
One day after September 11, 2001, I heard the grave of a waste collection truck on the street, grabbed my little son and dropped the stairs. And there was a man doing his paper recycling journey as all the microscopes did it.
And I tried to thank you for doing his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and he just nodded and said, "We're going to be fine.
We're going to be right."
Shortly after that, I started investigating the record collection and came back to that man.
It's called Papian, we worked together so many times and made good friends.
I want to believe that Pauling was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as a species we need to include and have in account every cost, even the very real human cost of labor labor.
The municipal waste -- what we think when we talk about garbage, represent three percent of the waste of the nation of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and his lives, the next one you see somebody whose job is to clean up the trash of you, take a moment to recognize it.
Take a moment to tell you that thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final work of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several stories in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Baby.
This is the kind of construction that they showed us as an example, my team and me, about what we had to design.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought was, "I want to come out running."
After looking at some of these buildings there are many in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to solve.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the creativity revenue generates heat inside the interior, so it's necessary for a lot of fun.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees during the year.
And thirdly, your appearance has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a shame of a place that is so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I was really excited with the ancient market that is this free air structure where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small leaders.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, of several floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by identifying the site, which is located in an area of a lot of growth, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in a hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two streets, bringing all the inputs in the building.
And this extends with an inclusive atrium, which creates a free air space in the building that self-designed by its own shape, and the rain and rain.
And around this space we've applied the idea of the market with little businesses, which changes in every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that would respond to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a tissue similar to a partnership card with perceptions to allow the entrance of air, and also from light, but in a sharp way.
Then we were inspired in these beautiful buttons of the essential states.
They have the properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the face.
We're building that with these little ready-made pieces that are the windows that leave the air and light in a way that's controlled inside of the building.
This is engaged with these little colored crystals that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince the developers because they thought, "That's not a commercial center. It wasn't what we ask.
But in definition we all realized that this idea of the market was much more profitable than the commercial center because at the end of the day, there was more local to sell.
And the idea of the facade was much more economic -- not only because of the material in comparison with glass, but also because it wasn't necessary to have air conditioning anymore.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy consumption for the building in a city where electricity gets cut almost every day.
So we got a big advantage by putting politics on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with gathering areas and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these pieces on the roof, that in conjunction collect water for the health sands.
You wait for the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest one I designed needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis I set up special attention, a 1,000 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with dozen access doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was extend the existing streets by creating 12 initial blocks similar in size and features to which there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these patterns.
In addition to that, we select some strategic points in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the little cell of the project, like the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best sentence for an apartment in medicine?
And it's northern, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we overcome a scheme that makes most of the apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with patterns, and then on the low plant, we have all the connections for the pedestrians for it.
And it also responds to local norms that set up greater density at the upper levels and a lower density on the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like giving the community the space occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, they can go up and social, and make such activities like running a two-year race, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally grow.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's life changes the communities and local economies at the same pace that buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between community and environment and that have as a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class. It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
I had huge amounts of hair very bright and a small end of pencils -- cute. It was super strong for the states of states, very good for artist.
I ended that year and I was full of heights, until I brought my sinister plan.
One day I stayed a time after the school came out of school -- I was a little bit late, and I hid in the girls' bathroom.
When the cost was still, I went out, I walked into the classroom, I took the table of my teacher on the table of the rating book.
And then, I did.
I altered the ratings of my rival just a bit, just a few like this.
All of that.  And I went back to return the book to the box, but to see, some of my other partners had very good notes as well.
So in a sentence, I ran the notes around the world, no imagination.
I put all of the lines from God and myself a row of that, just to be there, because I could.
I still surprise me what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came out.
I didn't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I didn't understand why they never caught me.
It was all completely obvious.
They never found me.
But above all, I got rid of the reason why I was bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good at artist.
I was intrigued with the heights.
They're so mysterious and so penetration.
We know that babies suffer from jealousy.
Also primate birds are very profound.
We know that the hairs are the number one cause of spouses in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that looks at the loneliness or the long duration or sadness.
So you have to go to fiction because the novels are like the laboratory in which the hairs are studying in all of their possible ways.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there was no pounds, there would be no literature.
Well, there would be no Helen the inflation, no "Adendy?
There would be no hair, not "The 100 and a night?
There was no Shakespeare.
They disappeared the high school list list of high school, because we would be losing "The Noise and Full, there would be no "Who and "Steel."
No poetry, there's no Project. I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers to everything, and in terms of the cells, almost they have all of them.
This year they took a hundred years of his masterpiece, "In look for the loss of the time -- the most exotic study of sexual hairs and also from ordinary competition, my own, everything we could have.  And thinking about Proton, we have the sensory details, right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a mammalian in your washing machine.
We forget about how hard that image.
We forgot about how unlikely it is.
I mean, this is books that Virginia Wolfram said were as hard as cat tradition.
I don't know what cat traffic is like, but suppose it's superstar.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the heads, the chips and Proton.
It's going to be very obvious like the heads, which reduces the person, to their wish, to their expectations, are a good narrative base?
I don't know. I think we got very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy.
When we feel the heads, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being at the same time narratives and audience, we know exactly what details will include to wash the knife, right?
The hairs make all of us additionally narrowers, and that's something that Proust understood.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give it pleasure to another, maybe right now."
And it starts to tell himself that story, and since then, Proust says that every kind of cool thing that Sand detects in his lover -- adds him to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that San and Proton, were notoriously heaven.
You know, Proton kids would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so hot to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The hairs are street.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And what are the people?
The hairs are nutritious from information.
The hairs use the details.
The hairs like the large amounts of hair bright and the nice little bit of paradises.
The hairs are nutritious from the photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful --  Proud links the language of the accelerator with the heights.
When San is in his heads of jealousy, I suddenly heard behind the doors and bribe the services of their lover -- then he defending those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know that this is reputation, but it's not different from the interpretation of an old text or a monumental text.
He says, "It's scientific research with real intellectual value.
Proton is trying to prove that the hairs look interestingly and they make us seem absurd, but in their shoulder, they are search for knowledge, the truth of truth, a painful truth -- in fact, what Proust will get, the more pain the truth, the more pain the truth.
pain, humiliation, losses: These were the pathways to the wisdom of Proton.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer, it causes us a range of much more profound and vital feelings than a wise man who can care about.
Is it telling us that we are going to look for cruel women?
No. I think it's trying to say that the hairs reveal us to ourselves.
And is there any other emotion that makes us open up in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals us our adversity, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that taught us to look at that perfect stuff?
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very small young man who was consumed with the idea that his woman would fit it.
And Freud says there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Well, she was innocent, everybody knew that.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he looked for things that his wife, without realizing information behaviors.
Are they so much some sound or does it accidentally be broken with a man?
Freud says the man was becoming the content of the unconscious of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how the hairs make us look at intensity but no precision.
In fact, the more intensely we are, the more we become the residents of the fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the hairs are going to lead us to violent or illegal act.
The hairs drive us to behave in completely unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at eight years old, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story I heard in the news.
One woman from Michigan from 52 years old was captured by having created a fake account on Facebook since the mess was sent to itself, horrible to itself, for a year.
For a year. A year.
She was trying to collect the new girlfriend of his former novel. I have to trust that when or this, I reacted with admiration to it.
Because, let's be realistic.
How huge -- even though unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's kind of novel.
It's like a November Pacific novel.
Himalayas is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the "Strawberry of Strangers in a Train and "The Taller Mr. Rolling, books that are trying to deal with our minds, and once we are in the sphere, in the realm of the chips, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be punch in an instant.
Take Tom Rileval, his most famous character.
Tom Rileval is going to want to want or want what you have to take away from your self and to get a chance of what you ever had, and it's under the floor. It responds to your name, it takes your rings, you empty your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take Tom Rileval route.
I can't give you all around the world, as much as I would like.
It's a pity, because we live in time.
We live in time.
I mean, we are good social media, where is the coin in the environment -- right?
The novels show us the salt? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not secure, when they're in a mystery.
Let's go to the 1841 of Baker Street, and we asked the School Hollywood.
When people think about Holls, they think about the market in Professor Morgan, that criminal genius.
But I've always preferred the Self-replacement International Karo -- the head face of Scott Adam who needs Holls desperately needs the genius of Holls, but it bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
And Lester needs its help, but the resilience, and bubble in the each of the mystery.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Six Napaments Avenue -- once Hollywood comes in, I would discuss everyone with his solution, Lester comes back to Hollywood and says, "We're not cells, Mr. Hollywood.
We're proud of you."
And he tells him that there is no person in Scott Aid who didn't want to shake your hand.
It's one of the few times we see Holls translated in history. It looks like this very emotional. That scene also is mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the hairs as a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a minute Dutch is the opposite side of Lester.
The next minute they're the same side.
All of a sudden, Lester is allowed to admire that idea of being him the response.
Could it still be so simple.
What if the hairs are really a geometry, just a question of where we allow us to be in relation with the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to respond to the excellence of the other.
We can engage with it.
But I like the content plans.
So as we wait for that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction.
Just the fiction.
The fiction used the dominants, invite them to the table.
And look at what I grow." The sweet Lester, the terrifying Tom Royal, the crazy Sander, the same Maria Proton.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped outside the lung cord of Apollo 11 and discovered on the Marine of Travelable.
Armstrong and Alzheimer's were alone, but his presence in the surface of the surface of a collective collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest mobility in peace time in the history of America.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars of today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave work to about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo program, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Twelve walked over their surface, from which Aland after the death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest now.
So why did they go?
They didn't bring a lot of turns, 38 pounds of old rocks, and something that the 24 engaged afterwards, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at Rice University in 1962 give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy: Some wonder, why the moon Moon?
Why to turn it into our goal?
And you could also ask, why do you scale the highest mountain on the high?
35 years ago, why do I fly over the Atlantic.
Why does Rice play against Texas play.
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Point: For the contempors, the Apollo was not just a victory from the West on the Cold War.
At the time, the strongest emotion was to wonder the transformation of the power of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do it.
The landing in the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological trips.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the airplane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In half of the century, the polio is eradicated and removed by smallpox.
Technology seemed to have what Alvin Rockette in 1970 called "Achille Spare."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a ship with candle but in 1969, the Apollo Trailer crew goes to 40,000 miles / hour.
Since 1970, no human being has come back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the Tragedy 10, and the joy of the power of technology has been evaporated by seeing that problems that we imagine that technology will solve like going to Mars, creating clean energy, cure cancer, or feeding the world population seem to have outcome.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17 set.
I was five years old, and my mother told me not to look at the escape tube called the rocket Saturn.
I knew that this would be the last online mission, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that one of something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology, has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologies had been distracted and enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, applications and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sales.
There's nothing wrong about most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a rational explanation in Silicon Valley, who trust that they've created less ambitious companies than those of the years in which Intel were funded and Microsoft and Apple and Gene.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the substances, in concrete, the incentives that risk capitalists offer entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the venture investment caused the creation of transformative ideas for the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were at their peak point without worrying about the risk, they preferred small investment, tiny investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The Christmas has always had problems to invest with benefits in technologies like energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is long-term -- they've never invested in developing technologies that are meant to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes, we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would take a political decision that was popular and that will never happen.
We will not go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve big problems because political systems fail.
Less than two percent of the world's energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and wind, wind and biofuels. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than biologist.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, the technologies, the entrepreneurs and the economists agree about what policies and international deals will identify the development of an alternative energy -- mostly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the price of coal.
But there is no hope in political climate today that we will see an energy policy in America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that look like technology, it turns out not to be.
We know for time that famine is result of failure in the food department.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect food distribution.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for storage and food, but there will be hungry while there were bad governments.
Finally, big problems sometimes make a solution because we don't really understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1971, but soon we found that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible resistant to treatment, and only in the last 10 years they seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements have to be present: political leaders and population need to want to solve the problem: the institutions must support the solution, it must be really about a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems -- it goes through those criteria.
But it's a marketing model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There is no general competition like in the Cold War, there is no policy like John Kennedy who made the hard and the dangerous, and there's no popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
It was only three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get.
God knows that we don't lack the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by remembering the widespread ideas that have about trust.
They're so common that they've become climate of our society.
I think they're three.
The first one is a recovery, there's been a huge decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal. We should have more trust.
And the third is a task." We should recover trust.
I think the recovery, the goal and the task have been interested in it.
What I'm going to try and tell you today is a different story about a recovery, a goal and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First of all, the recovery, why do people think trust has disappeared?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I encourage you to think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions, and it could have increased in others.
I have no clear.
But I can turn to the opinion polls and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are no many evidence of it.
That is, the people who were describing about 20 years ago, primarily journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same discovery.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still pretty confident: judges, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen in the street is almost exactly halfway away.
But is this evidence better?
What opinion polls register are, of course, opinions.
What else can you recover?
What you see is generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask them certain questions.
Do you trust the politicians in the teachers?
Now, if somebody would ask you, "Do you consider the vegetables?
Do you trust football?
Do you trust the primary teachers?
You'd probably start to ask, "What do you do?
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you might say, when you've answered your question, "Well, I trust some, but in other no."
It's very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to deploy trust in a different way.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel like by a certain kind of officer or function or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, to say I trust a certain primary teacher I know to give the kind of reading, but in any way to drive the school microscope.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why do we stop side all that knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the true level of real trust, because they try to open the good inherent judgment in fact to trust something or somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
And frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I will pursue for.
I would aim to have more confidence in what is a trust mean, but not what it is.
In definition, I'm a part of not trusting what is not reliable.
And I think those people who wrote their savings with the very rightly named Mr. Madagascar, which then disappeared with them, I think of them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confused.
More confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
It is deposited or denied with intelligence, that's the right goal.
Once you tell it, it says, yes, okay, that means that what matters first is not trust but trustworthiness.
What it's about to do about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think that to be able to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competitive? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if we find that a person is competitive in the personal matter, and it's responsible and honest -- then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, on the contrary, they're not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competitive and honest, but I didn't trust them to take a letter to the mail because they're forced.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very happy to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends who are competitive and responsible but extremely disabled.
If it's like that, I still haven't been perceived yet.
But that's what we're looking for, trust before it trust.
The trust is the answer.
trustworthiness.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build accounts of accounts for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so on, that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party and he said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paper that will attend the piece in it."
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional -- that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee trust and evidence testing, actually is doing the opposite.
What they do is to define the work of the people who have to do hard tasks, like the partners, just show you that "concentrate the cases, as we say.
You sure you all know similar examples.
Everything else, by the target.
I think the goal should be more conscious, and things would be different if we try to be a trust worthy of trust, and we're going to convey to people who are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes, what doesn't do properly.
Third, the task.
I'll call the task to rebuild trust, put things into the way.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can rebuild the trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust it, in definition, is distinctive because we have other people.
You can't reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give them the basis enough so they can trust you.
You have to be a trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't encourage it, usually to all people, all the time.
But you also have to get rid of the federal evidence that you are worthy of trust.
How do you do it?
That is made every day, all over the place, does the common people, the officials.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says that I can get them back out without giving explanation.
I take them up and get my money, or you change them for the color that I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson on that.
If you go vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you are worthy of trust and you have trust in what you're saying.
So at the end, I think what we're aiming is not a very difficult thing to discuss.
In what people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is the dignity of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers we have been striving for reducing separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of screen in which imagination can be described.
This separation has been reducing, increasingly and more, to such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I wonder, and if there were no barrels?
I started imagining what it would be.
First created this tool that goes into digital space, so that when the strong sphere against screen transfers its physical body to six.
Designers can material their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool you break the barriers apart.
But the two hands remain still outside the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands?
In the discipline of Sciences applied from Microsoft, along with my mentor Cathal Bolt, I decided the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
By combining a transparent bombsight with computer cameras to detect the fingers and the face, you can now raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside the 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is as easy as grab a book of a shelf.
You can write the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that is below every floating screen.
The architects can stretch or rotate their machines directly with their hands.
In these examples, we come into the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and we make digital information coming to us?
Sure, many of us will have bought and wrapped things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
What I have here is an online protection on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device on your head or transferred when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel it?
What would a future like this?
At the MIT Media Lab, with my tutor Hiroshi Isness and my collaborator Remote Post, we created this only physical six.
This spherical magnet behaves like a 3D pixel in space, which means that both the computer as the users can move the object anywhere within this little three-dimensional space.
Simplify, what we did was we announced gravity and control movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical action and detectors.
And by programming the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and go back to reproduce and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach chemicals physically and at the distance and the famous shots of Michael Jordan, you can reproduce as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like planets movement, physics, and, unlike the monitors or the textbooks or the textbooks, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's most fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not just showing you something but starting to act directly about us as part of the physical world around us without we have to connect us from our world.
We started talking today about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that's left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become identical for two years in Hungard, China, in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a school for athletes with all expenses paid.
But my mother tiger said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believed that there was only a certified path to happiness -- a safe work and good regular.
No matter whether the work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera sing.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer has to start training from very young to learn the architects, so I tried everything I could to go to opera school.
I even wrote to the director of school and a radio show.
But no adults gave him the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends were supporting me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at age 15 years old, I knew it was too much bigger to train.
My dream will never be done.
It feared that for the rest of my life a happiness of second class was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I resolved for another vocal.
No one around me wanted to teach us? Okay.
I remember the books.
"Please come from Samina Huits of National Husban Less Charles in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were forbidden in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about Chinese commercial life.
And it's not completely propaganda.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was an investment, "Hello your father and your mother."
Handshark, I said, "It's so different, and much better than obese."
So it became my tool to come out of this collapse of collapse and to reinvent the relationship with my parents.
I find a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit too.
It's a lot of perspectives.
For example, at first, this map seemed to me out of place because this is what students in China learn.
I had never occurred to me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
comparative reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research camps like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Comparing and contrast, it offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if comparative reading worked to research, why not do it in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can be treated by people "Be "Barbarbs France from Walter McCuna who were involved in the same way, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Craig, the temptation is economic, political and spiritual ones.
For the Buddha -- they're all psychologists, lucky, fear and society -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"The path of Chicago The Talk of Chile The Talk of the Tale of The Tale, Alan Watson: Instead of losing me in the translation of the translation.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that happiness in Chinese literally means "a quick quick quick: Jame: Jame: Jassel."
And "Now, "Now, in Chinese, it literally means new mother, Oh.
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know that I'm not going to be feeling or powerless ever.
Having a destructive dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffering.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Even a destructive dream can do that for you.
And it's thanks to books, which I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and with clarity, most of the time.
So the books always embrace them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychology free.
I was a Ph.D. student in a clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 28-year-old woman called Alex.
Alex walked into the first session using sheets and a hole hit, and he threw on the couch of my office removed the shoes and told me he wanted to talk about her problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so stimulated.
My classmates had a piece of pigmented as a first client as a one.
And I took a shame I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the short stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it became easy to move the head while we took the solution.
The trains are the new senses: I said, Alex, and so I saw, she was right.
You start working afterwards, you get home afterwards, you have children afterwards, to death goes later.
For neighborhoods like Alex and I had a time of a boat.
But shortly after, my superconductive press me to press Alex to talk about his love life.
I was resistant.
I said, "Of course, he's coming out with the guys under his category, and it takes care of a head high, but it's not like it was to marry him."
And then my superconductive said, "Not yet, but maybe he married the next one.
Also, the best time to work in the American marriage is before it came out."
This is what psychologists call "A Amazon moment.
It was when I realized that the 30 are not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they were used to, but this didn't make the ancestors in Alex were a pause in their development.
This made us that the 20 of Alex were the perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign neuroscience was a real problem and had real consequences, not only for Alex and his loving life but for the careers, the families and the future sungies of all of them.
There are 50 million windows in America today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider that nobody gets to adulthood.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20s.
I want to see the renewables here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with ventilations, love a length, you remove the dream a sensor, I want to see -- it's fine. amazing, the really important ventures.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at the age of 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments "Are the American way that they shape their life will have happened for the time they have 30 and so many.
People from more than 40, they don't get into panic.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact on how much money they will gain.
We know that more than half of Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and final scale of growth in their 20s and reproducts for adults, which means that if there's something that you want to change from themselves, now is the moment to change it.
We know that the personality changes more times during their 20s than at any time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to their touch at the age of 28, and things become complicated at 35 degrees.
The 20 is the moment to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment where your daily and common life has an impact on the person who will become converted.
But what we don't hear often is that there is something called adult development and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the windows are listening to.
newspapers talk about changes on the line of adulthood.
The researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
The journalists tell you ridiculous names to the lines like "The "The Tibets and "Americans."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trip that is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernard said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it?
What do you think happens when you give a length on your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency, and their ambition and it doesn't happen absolutely anything.
And then every day, smart legislators, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my boyfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "Everybody says that as it starts a race before the 30, everything will be right."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20 are about to end and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better curriculum the day I graduated from college.
And then it starts to sound something like this: "My dates during the 20th were like chairs.
They all run and fun, but then at some point around 30, the music went off, and they all began to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stay stopped, so I sometimes think that I married my husband because he was the closest chair when I was 30.
Where are the windows here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but you don't write, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s, there's a huge pressure to the trains and so many of you start a career, choose a city, choose a mate, and have two or three children in a much smaller period of time.
Many of these things are not compassionate, and there are research that starts to show -- which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything at the age of 30.
The crisis of the post-control age is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
Realizing you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give a brother to your son.
A lot of trains and works look at themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was it doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the windows are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because he was, in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he would like to work in art or entertainment, but you still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a mess.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend, who showed more temperature than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very hard, their previous life had been even harder.
He was often crying in our sessions. But then he got himself up and she said, "You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I was just buying a new free free, and he had spent the whole morning filling it with his many contacts, but then he looked at the empty space that follows after the words, "In case of emergency, please call me ...
He was at the point of the story when he saw me and said, "Who is going to be for me if I have a car accident.
Who is going to care if I give me cancer?
At that time, I was a lot of work to resist and not say, "Aye."
What Emma needed was not a therapy that really would be worried.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit in while Emma decision was going on.
So, over the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all sensory or man or woman, deserves to know.
First of all, I said to Emma that would forget about that crisis of identity and get identity capital.
For identity capital, I mean doing something that add value to your person.
Doing something that's an investment in what you want to be later.
I didn't know the Emmara race future, and nobody knows the future of the work, but I know this: identity capital generates identity capital.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, from that interest, from that company that you want to test from.
I'm not slowing out the spinal exploration, I'm discovering the exploration that I shouldn't count, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's prosperity.
I told Emma that I would explore jobs and make them count.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are strangely.
The best friends are great to take us to the airport, but the neighborhoods that are together with friends with similar minds are limited by who you know, what you know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital -- that new person who will go out almost always comes from the outside of its closest circle.
The new things come from what they're called weak friends of friends from their friends.
Yes, half the windows have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half won't, and the weak links are the way to control this group.
Half of the workers created never been published, then, to know the boss of your neighbor is the way to get a job not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not least, Emma thinks you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a sensor, Emma soon will choose his family, when he got a partner and his own family.
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think that 30 is better to feel head than the 20 or even 25, and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live now or hits you now when everyone on Facebook starts walking towards the altar.
The best moment to work on your marriage is before you have it, and that means being so intentional in love as you are at work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just to make it work or kill time with who it is to choose you.
So what about Emma with Emma to Emma what?
Well, we looked at that director, and she found the roommate fourth of a cousin who worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That work supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that I lived with.
Now, five years later, it's a special organization of events in museums.
This was married with a man who was consciously chosen to fall.
He loves his new career, love her new family, and I sent a letter that said, "Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough.
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with with the censors.
It's very easy to help them.
The lengers are like planes coming out of the airport of Los Angeles, which go out somewhere in the West.
Just before the show, a little bit of a little bit in his trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fisher.
In the same way, at 21 or 25 and even at the age of 29, a good conversation, a good decision -- a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generations.
Here is my idea worthy of spreading all the windows that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
This is what I now have the privilege of telling you to sensors like Emma every day, and the trains are not the new 20, recruiting their adult, they get identity capital, use their weak links to your family.
They don't let you define why they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding work in generic consulting for a work that was even more example: the doctor.
I went to teach them mathematics to seventh grade students in New York City schools.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and testing.
I give you tasks.
When the work came back, it calculates the grades.
What struck me was that the I.Q. was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance had no partnership from Chicago stories.
Some of my smartest kids were not doing so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of things that you need to learn in math in seventh degrees, secure, are hard, proportions, demographics, the area of a parameter.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and over time.
After several years, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a moral perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure better way.
It's the CA: But what if you have success in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn in rapid and easy way?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying kids and adults in all sorts of challenging, and in every study my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team and I went to the West Point Activism.
We tried to predict what conditions remain in military training and who would be replaced.
We went to the National Commission of Delication and we tried to predict what children would move as far as possible in competition.
We studied novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking us what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school and of those who will be the most effective in improving the results of learning of their students.
We partnered with private companies, asking ourselves, what about these marketers are going to keep their job public?
And who's going to make more money?
In all of those very different context, a feature came as a major prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, physical health, and it wasn't the C.O.
It was the determination.
Detroised is passion and perseverance.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to cling to its future, day after day, not only for the week, not only for the week, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a race at all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who did my determination questionnaires and then waited about more than a year to see those who were screaming.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly higher chance of graduate -- even when I took them into every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized testing, even the security that children felt when they were in school.
So not only is it in West Point or at the National Commission of Delication in which it matters. It's also in school, especially for children at risk of abandoning it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, how little we know about the science about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do I develop the determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a typical work?
How do I keep them motivated for the long picture?
The most honest answer is: I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give them determination to them.
Our data is very clearly that there are many talented individuals that simply don't go ahead with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, determination is commonly not related or even related to talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called "the growth mentally.
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Dick, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fine, that it can change with the effort.
Dr. Dick has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grows in response to the challenge, they're much more likely to chase when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So the growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where I finish my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have in front of it.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger environments, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful and we need to be willing to fail, to wrong, to start all again with the lessons learned.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our kids more determinate.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan as the daughter of a calculation, one of my most terrifying memories is my mother showing the beauty, the form and the shape of Chinese characters.
Since that moment, I wonder about this incredible language.
But for an extraction, it seems as impossible as the Great Wall Mura.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can break this wall, so that I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and fast method of learning could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the items of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Because we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read traffic signals, restaurant menus to understand the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open their mouth as much as possible until it's square.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
Person.
If the shape of the fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I were screaming in a fraction way, "Shellon: I'm coming up, this symbol is actually original to the shape of the flame -- but I like to think it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
trees.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The door symbol looks like a couple doors of a pantheon in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They are building blocks so that you create a lot more characters.
One person.
If somebody walks back, that's "finding: "They go."
As the ancient said, two are company, three are crime.
If one person would stretch your arms, this person is saying "It was this big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is trapped in.
It's a prisoner -- such as Jon inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the first.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's an ingenuity."  Easy to remember, because a parallel tree is quite an idiot.
Do you remember the fire?
Two fire fires together, it's very hot.
Three fire fires together, that's a lot of fire.
Put the fire under the two trees, that is burn off.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two sunlight together, prosperous together.
Three together, those are stores.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brilliant.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out on the horizon. Imagine.
A door. Put a table inside the door, is the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Did it touch -- did you have somebody at home?
This person is coming out of a door, standing up, evaluating.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, they have care is adults.
So we've already happened for almost 30 characters.
By using this method -- the first eight radical eight radiations will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with each little effort, they will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters, which is the same thing as an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started to create sentences.
For example, mountain and fire together, we have a fire. It's a volcanoes.
We know Japan is the land of the nation sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east of China.
So a sun next to the origin -- we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two mountains piled on the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile. Because Chinese companies were breaking their political enemies beyond the mountains.
Today, the exile has become going out.
A mouth that tells you where to come out is a output.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be Dad is the movies that I come to see.
I love to share my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Oz magician together.
The film mastered his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glori, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic wand off.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raise our children in a kind of industrial fantastic spectrum of child fantasy.
However, the Oz magician was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took rise for a few years later with, interestingly, another movie whose prototypes, a metal boy and a heavy kid rescued a girl dressed as a guard of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yes.
There's a big difference between these two films, there are a couple of big differences between the Oz magician and all the films that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Oz magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like apples.
But I think if the Oz magician was done today, the magician would say, "Oh there, you are the Oz salvation as the prophecy.
You use magic shoes to defeat the computer generated by the computer marker.
But that's not what happens.
Another single thing about the Oz magician is that the most heroic characters and wise and even violence are women.
I started noticing this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
Only three years.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the survivor level had down.  And so he stood up in the room and he was impressed as a mom leg with his patterns behind it, and I don't think he understood what happened, but unfortunately, I absorb everything.
I wonder what it was.
Would it be issues of value, perseverance.
Would you have the feeling that Luke got an army to the rule of the government?
So let's compare this with the 1930s magician.
How does Dorothy win his film?
It's going to be good at all of them and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow up with OK, OK? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much force capital F, force in movies for our children, and so little from the yellow brick path.
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this statement.
I know for experience that Lester Lestary doesn't provide the right framework that would have served me to navigate the world of adults who is my missile.  I think at the moment of the first kiss.  I think that at the moment of the first kiss -- I really expected the credit to start to appear because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has done, I have a girlfriend.
Why do they keep standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The films are focused on dropping the village and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures or another.
It's almost like if for being a child, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are many exceptions, and to defend the Disney princess before any of you.
But they send a message to kids, even though they are boys, they're not really their objective audience.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the pattern, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the pattern.
There is no model for them.
We also have some big women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely and Harvard and Kats, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time is continuing to appear in classic after classic -- each of them about the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who were creating a girl.
Until as many of you are thinking, this year, finally came out.
I recommend all of you. It's already available in stores.
Remember what the critic said when it came out Valence?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a principle.
It's very good. Don't let them stop it.
Well, almost none of these movies happens the Beltye test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't yet been race and it's already spread, but maybe we're going to start a movement.
Albert Bell is a comic cartoon drawing, and in the late '80s, I recorded a conversation that had had a friend of the equivalent of movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that have to be done, in the movie, is there more than a female character than has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the film?
Their conversations are about something more than the boy you love it?  Okay?  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It happens. I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality movie, Arm.
Right? Ruge of October, touch success, a idea of consensus of what's a quality Hollywood movie.
Pretty much, it doesn't happen the Beltye test.
And I don't think I should, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in a embassy where men and women hide during the crisis crisis.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this highway, and it's the great moment for one of the artists to take a look at the door and say, Are you going to bed, face?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 most popular films, how many of them think they have female prototypes?
Okay. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage as the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's fine.
But there is a larger number than this one that is going to break this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted once in his life.
I don't think it's the blame of mass entertainment.
I don't think the movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't believe that music videos or pornography are closely linked but something wrong, and when I hear that statistics -- one of the things I think is that there is a lot of sexual grasps.
Who are those guys? What are those guys?
What do you not get to learn with?
Are you attractive to the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the violin with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and not talk?
Are we anti-computer that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
Do we have tools to our disposal as a power, and we hope that that will help, but have I got to ask, can power protect them whether at the same time, active or passively are we educating our children to keep their male power power?
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I mean mainly the parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of man.
The definition of machine is radically changing.
You have read about how the new economy is changing the role of home and assistance.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character was about Star Wars -- Do you know what he responded?
Wow.
Wolve Kennedy and Glass.
What do they have in common?
Maybe it's not just the brilliant dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that you know more than anybody, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories where my son is telling me, "Go and fight only and more stories where your work is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, help other people better and be better people, like the Oz magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked most was to look for sea cookies on the coast of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these consequences.
They're covered in sand and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for it.
I began to see shapes and patterns that helped me to collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the architecture.
And finally when I started studying Egyptian, I realized that I saw with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 3,000 miles away along the Nile.
And my sea cookies had grown up the size of cities.
This is really what led me to using satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to do otherwise.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use the infrared thing.
This is a place that was located in the eastern Delta in Egypt called Bentrowle.
And the place, at the very simple view, seems to be brown but when we use the infrared and we process it using fake color, suddenly the place looks like bright root.
What you're seeing are the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by the building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptian things.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an old Egyptian city, called Titan, lost for thousands of years.
Titan was the capital of ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Facebook, Egypt, and it's really important because at the Middle Empire -- there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Titan was located somewhere near the periods of the two kings that built them, embedded inside the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge line of relief.
This area is enormous, it measures about 65 times per mile.
Before, the El Loll right next to the Titanic side, and as it changed over time, he went into the east, covered the whole city.
So how do you find a city separate in an extensive landscape?
Trying to find it at random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a partner, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves
So, we used NASA touch data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the Nile flows.
But you can see more detailed, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here, that we think it could be the location of Titan.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing show jobs -- you can see it here.
When I say teaching, it's like the sample shots in ice, but instead of climate change layers we look for human occupation layers for us.
Five meters down, under a thick layer of wood, we found a dense layer of chemical objects.
This means that in this possible location of Titan, five meters down, we have a layer of occupation for several hundred years that date from the Middle Empire -- exactly the same period we think it's Titan.
We also found jobs of personality, consumption, care and gateer, which shows that there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem like it's not a lot, but when we think about the most common rocks used in the Middle Empire Jamaica, these are the rocks that were used.
So we have a dense layer of occupation that from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence from a elite jewelry shop that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Titan here, but we'll go back to the place in a close future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire -- I probably was written at Titan 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is the biggest of all voters.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So according to it, TED was not founded in 1984 Dr. C.
You make ideas actually started in 1984 B.C. in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the search for marine shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door.
I want you to pay attention to the door color, the material that's done.
Now you visualize a group of obese nodes in bicycle.
They're competing in a non-let race race and they go into their entry door.
I need you to look at this.
They're performing strong, they're sweating, they're getting a lot.
And they collide against the door of your house.
There are bicycles flying all over the place, wheels that go on its side, rays of the wheels that end up in absurd places -- they pass the door of the door.
To the lobby, the happy, or whatever the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light. The light shining on the Molas Monterey.
He's holding them with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that he talks about.
You can feel your blue hair by making them rolls in the nose.
You can smell the band of sand and the countries that are about to get into the mouth.
You go on one side and train your living room.
In the room, and doing maximum use of his imagination, imagine Britney Species.
He's with little clothes, dancing about his center message, singing "High Bronx Bart Moral Moral."
Now go to the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a yellow brick path, and from the oven comes to you door, the Man of Darwin, the Martin and the Leone of "The Wizard of Or "Come out of the hands, jumping into you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Memory Community."
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, hoping that this was like the end of a wise supermarket.
There were several men and a few different ages of different ages and different hygiene.
They were memorize hundreds of random numbers, looking at them only once.
They memorize the names of tens and tens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize the order of a barrel of nanomeals.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people should be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Cough who had come from England and that has one of the best training memories.
I asked him, "York, when did you realize you were a wise?
Ed said, "I'm not a wise person.
Actually, I have a average memory.
All of those who participate from this competition say they have normal memory.
"We have trained us to perform these military acts of memory using an ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that Canadian used to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize the entire book."
And my reaction was, "Oh. How did I not heard of this before?
We were standing outside of the competition, and Ed who is a wonderful and brilliant English, although a little bit excellent, he said, "Jose, you are an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Species?
And I said, "What? No, why?
Because I'd like to teach Britney Special how to memorize the order in a live of living nanoscales in national television.
That would test the world that anyone can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britney Spanish, but maybe you can teach me.
Or do you have to start for something right?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
It ended up spending most of the next year not only training my memory, but also research, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what their potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called Pet.
He's amazing, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that he had a memory problem, it's amazing.
Someone incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allows us to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Peter. He was based on the role of Ductarian Hows in the movie "Ran Man" movie.
We spent one afternoon, together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorizing phone guides -- it was central.
And when I come back, I read a number of treaties on the written memory of the written memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory, disciplined and culture was not just as rare as it can look like today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, in providing their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they also have changed.
They have changed us culturally and I would say that they've also changed complex.
As we already have no need to remember, sometimes it seems like we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where people are still passionate about this idea of a trained memory, disciplined and grown is this very unique competition of memory.
It's actually not so simple: there's competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the College College in London invited a group of memory champions in the lab.
They wanted to know: Is it going to be brains in some way, structural or anti-discovered different from us?
The answer was, no.
Are they smarter than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that they compared them.
When they put them in a MRI machine, they scanned their brains as they memorize numbers, faces and forms of snow copies. They found that in memory champions are lit parts of the brain, different to others.
They actually used them, or they seemed to use a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The puzzle of competitive memory is driven as an armed race where someone comes up with a new way to remember more things, faster and then the rest of the competitors should be put a day.
This is my friend Ben President, three times a memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 distributed nations that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and that only he dominated.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 44 distances of altruism.
Half a hour. Yes.
And while there's a lot of ways to remember things in these competitions, absolutely all the techniques used at the end of the end are reduced to one concept that psychologists call "electronics code."
It illustrates with an elegant paradox known as "Baby Paradox, and I tell two people who remember the same word. I tell you to you. You remember there's a man called Balka.
That's her store.
And then I ask you, "You remember there's a "barb bathroom."
And when I come back later, and I ask you, "Do you remember that word I told you about a while?
Remember what it was?
The person who was told that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who was told their work is "banker."
Same word, different memory capacity -- that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Bark, doesn't really mean anything for you.
All the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word, "Baby: We know bread.
They use white hats.
They have sand in your hands.
They smell when you go home to work.
We probably know some words.
And when we heard that word for the first time, we began to put some association stores to pass them very easily.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data for 2,500 years in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the "pick of memory?
The story is this: There was a poet called Simon that assisted a bank.
They had hired it as a entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it didn't go to a DA: He was hired to a poet.
He stood up, he got his memory poem, and he made, and so soon it was, the bank room collapsed.
killing everyone.
But not only would kill them all, but it shattered bodies by leaving them with the body.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were.
They could not be able to bury the bodies.
One tragedy behind the other.
Simulation, standing outside, only survivor in the middle of the rubble -- closed your eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where every invited was sitting in.
He took the families in the hand taking them where their loved ones were loved between the rubble.
What System is forced at that moment is something that we all know about more or less intuitively -- and it is that no matter if we're not good for remembering names or phone numbers or instructions of the word of our colleagues, we have visual memory and space memory.
If I asked you to recover the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Simon, it's very likely to do it very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if I asked you to say who was sitting on the horse parallel married in their lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of memory palm is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and try to play it from images with the things that you want to remember -- the more crazy, disappointed, funny, sharp and aspect is the image, more unlikely to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties in Latin, in Latin, in Latin.
And how does it work?
Let's say that you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to do it from memory, the same way I had done it if you had invited it to TEDTalk 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're on the door of your house.
And to figure out some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and invisible image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely freaky competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and you can see the Mountains Monterey Monterey on Mister Ed.
And that would remind you that they want to introduce your friend Ed Coca.
And then you would see Britney Specks to remind you that funny anecdote they want to count.
And then they would go into the kitchen, and the fourth theme that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how Roman ladies memorize their speech, not word for word, which is going to confuse them, but typical by typical.
In fact, the term "the "Timber to the Gianism Hollywood comes from Greek "The Losers."
It's a research of when people thought about the highway and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase first of all, it would be like the first place in his memory palm.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I got out of full of it.
I went to some of these memory competition, and I had the idea of writing something weird about this sculpture of competitive memories.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a particularly boring event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting by taking tests. I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is mass in the front.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are incredible things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put myself in his place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an old school anthropologist bought in a pulse market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I would never have expected it to be.
It was entertained, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What is actually about doing is to improve more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, commissions, provocative images, inspirations, analogies, absorbed and ignorant in the eye of the mind.
I was very happy with this.
This is me, using my training standard team for memory competition.
It's a pair of ears and a computer security goggles. They have tape leaving just two holes, because distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before. I had the idea that I could go into a kind of participatory personalized.
I thought this could serve from good epidemic for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition, something that didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's nice to memorize speech, and phone numbers, and shopping lists -- but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be put out of the memory of memory or memorize barriers of nations, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a big memory as if it would be an innate gift -- but it's not the case.
Great memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deeply.
The palm of memory -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing -- sort of a complete attention that most of them are not running up in there.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
That's how things become memorized.
And if there's something that I want to leave you today is what Perha, the ambulance that I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me to me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what is already our short existence by losing in the Blackberry or iPhone, not paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walks on our side. Are we going to be so horizontal that we don't even bother in processing deep?
And I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person I remember remembering it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we'll take only a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from No. Jersey, I was six and I lived there at my parents' home in a town called Liva, and this was my child's bedroom.
On the corner, from my bedroom.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a bullet that gave the living room.
And there are all the things going on and seeing the telly -- so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, they all saw me, and every time I was supposed to go back and I went back into a towel.
And I was.
It was stranger, insecure and hated it.
I hated that room, hated that whale hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Listen.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, and the division of areas -- but of those visceral connections, that we feel in the places that we hear.
And it's not surprising that we sit in that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
I mean, 90 percent of the time we're surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize it.
That makes us a little naive.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what expands them, you think of power, stability and democracy.
And I know you think about it that way by based on a building building 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a dense that uses architects to create an emotional connection with the ways that we build our buildings.
It's an emotional conceptual connection, we've used this trick for a long time, a long time.
We used it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, removed from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is frightening.
It's expensive, it takes a lot of time and it's very complicated.
The people who build -- the substrates and governments are always afraid of innovation, and they prefer to use shapes that know they're going to work.
So we found buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Linkone Public Library that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome -- it has this round thing, columns -- rale, red standards, that they let the Living try to communicate with this building, the kids, the property values -- the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, it ended up another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use communication media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to get together, read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of them called libraries that are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the publish.
On one side is innovation, the architects that are constantly driving new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for today's life.
We moved, we drive and we drive so much that we are completely from people.
All of black, this depressed us. You think we feel very good, but we're dead inside because we don't have another choice.
We have to go on the other side and go back to connect with those appreciated symbols.
So we do that, and we are all happy, but we feel like translators, so we started to experiment again, and we have the pull of the back to the ahead and over and over again. So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we came out of the 1970s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called "Blaskbergens?
It has to do with the ants.
You can guess.
Small windows in the disruptive scale.
Really hard.
So we came up to the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the pull back in the other direction.
We take those ways we know that they like and update them.
We added the need and add parts and use new materials.
You love it.
We don't give up.
We take Christian arms and we turned them into skyscrapers that can be medieval calories made of glass.
The shapes were addressed, they won in audacity and color.
The English became columns became column.
The scientists grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But it was the 1980s, that was great.
We all spend the rate in commercial centers -- we moved to the neighborhoods, and there, in suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasies could be to medicine, to French or Italy.
Maybe with a bread of bread.
This is what happens with post-relative.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we have memories of other places.
I know very well, and all of you know, this is not the Tata.
This is Ohio.
The architects feel frustrated and we start to swing the supply again in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called democracy call.
We download historical symbols, now we have new design techniques that are used by computer, and we find new compositions, some ways that are being established against other ways.
This is academic and engaging, and it's super imperative, and you're totally exploring.
Normally the pile pull again in opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Guarful of Bilbao, French George.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Golden said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when criticism, academic and public in general, were completely agreed about a building.
The New York Times has led this miracle building.
The tourism in Bilbao increased by 2.5 percent when the building ended up.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Singlegene.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms, wild and radical ways, how can it become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media was shared around them, and we quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing did the main mayor of the world.
So they all believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of the beginning of the new millennia.
I went to Zaaam and Delice, and what happened with these few elite architects on the threshold of the new millennium, actually began to happen with all architecture, digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think about, for example, how do you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, you'd have to have walked to the next town to see a building.
Transparency is accelerated." You can take a boat, an airplane, can be tourists.
Technology accessible -- you can see in the newspapers, in the telescope, and at the end, we're all architecture photographers and the building is beyond their physical location.
Architecture is everywhere, that means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not a lot of time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings more, before knowing if the one that designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture.
This is how we found buildings like this.
The biologist was not a two-year-old movement.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they stop them.
That's never going to happen. I think, because we are in the threshold of the biggest revolution in architecture from the invention of the ant or steel or ancestor, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the power to the media, it starts to hold up faster and faster, until it will be in both extremes almost in simultaneously, and it's effectively distributed the difference between innovation and symbol between us, architects and you, the public.
Now we can make almost instant symbols, with emotional charge of something completely new.
Let me show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that went on.
This is the center of a village called Peneses at the state of New York City.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building, was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly at the finished product, there was no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people began to get and share it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, because these are not just images of a building, because these are not just images of a building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes college with collective memory, and when you charge these symbols, we learn.
I mean, we don't need Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us what we think of architecture, because digital media hasn't only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think about a second in those Liberia libraries.
If that building is built today, we first go to the Internet in search of new libraries.
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's municipals.
Man that can take the mayor of Livinishy, to people in Liva, and tell them that there's no unique answer to what a library is today.
We are part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experiment.
It's all different now.
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use large words and complicated drawings and one is not a sentimental audience that doesn't accept something that has not seen before.
The architects can listen, and you don't let you go through architecture.
That means that the pilot of one style to another, from a movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find appropriate solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different to buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Silicon can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick based on ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings, because we finally will be ready for the ways they're going to produce.
That means that buildings go to nature capsules and not the reverse.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or tomato, or even one can be married in the night.
This means that three architects can dream on the East River of New York, and raise half a million dollars from the community surrounding that cause, it's no longer a client alone.
It means no building is too small for innovation, like this little pavilion of records, as muscle and fibers like the animals that are going to look at.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
Architects already know how to make more ecological buildings smarter and more synapse.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're not in opposite sides anymore.
They find an architect, control it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot in play.
Buildings don't only reflect our society, but they shape it to the smallest spaces, local libraries -- the homes where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Talo.
He just took a year and he started walking.
And it does it in that great, typical of the children of a year, taking off, as if your body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things you like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
It falls up and child, and it gives itself those big and headline feels.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of his friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and he made me think, "When stop doing this?
How are we suddenly not about our appearance with our appearance?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people look at Google, "Am I a fait?
This is Facebook, he's 13 years old, and he lives in Dennin.
And as any teenager just wants to be dear and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It's a little bit confused -- because even though his mom tells him all the time that his mom tells him the whole thing that is beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells you it's ugly.
Among what his mom tells him and what his friends or school colleagues say, don't know who to believe.
So he makes a video of her itself, publishes it in YouTube, and he asks others to please leave a comment: "Am I good or am I a fellow?
Well, until now, Fey's received over 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so unexpected, that it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy teenager, normal and current, which receives these answers in one of the stages of their most vulnerable life emotionally.
Thousands of people are posting video like this, in their largest teenage girls trying to communicate in this way.
But what are you going to do this?
Well, today's teens are almost never alone.
They are under pressure to be online and available all the time, talking, charged, giving me "I like to look, sharing, shaped, publishing -- this never ends.
Never before we've been so connected in a continuous way, instantly, so young.
As a mother said, "It's like a party in your room every night.
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are implanted.
This environment, to be always connected, is adding our children to advance based on the number of "I like they have and the kinds of comments that they get.
There is no division between a life online and life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what it's real or what it isn't.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what is authentic and what's manipulated digitally, basically.
What is the most challenging thing in somebody's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are cover from the news of girls now.
Zero logging models continue to dominate our streets.
The focus technique is now a routine now.
And trends like, "shark, temple, biological and proper.
For those of you who know, it means architecture.
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what the young people are.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like the ones in the superheroes of sports -- and the reporting singers of sports and reports.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our kids to grow healthy and be good individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our kids to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, at the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical skills, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't look good enough.
These are not trivial activity.
They are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as contribute to society and the labor development camp.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in classrooms. They avoid to participate in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical appearance.
One in five are not looking at classes at absolute during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the temperature season, if you don't think you look at enough good enough, especially if you don't think you're thin enough, you will get a lower note at the average of your classmates who are not concerned about the appearance of it.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, the United States and China.
And it gets independent from what actually weigh these young people.
So for it to be clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on his body is detailed by academic performance.
And it's also delivering health.
The teenagers with little self-esteem do less physical activity, they eat less fruits and vegetables, they participate in more diet not health than they can take them to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them, and they're in higher risk of depression.
And we think it's all about this because they make more risky decisions, like the consumption of alcohol and drugs, dramatic diabetes, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and no protection and cardiologist damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is preparing the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe that they have a series again, regardless of whether they have or don't have greater rates of anthropologists.
17 percent of women don't present to a job interview in a day where they don't feel safe with the way they look like.
Think about for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity be?
Liberating this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking itself, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms. The first one is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-worth.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-intentioned programs without realizing the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program that our children follow is not only having a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas, the first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are crucial participators for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental but facing this problem requires each of us who take the roots on the issue, and we're a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives.
By challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell the emergence of our politicians in hair cuts or the size of their chest, or to insist that the determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not as you see it.
All of us can start doing this by taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments we published in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was the last time you looked at a mirror mirror?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as businesses, to truly change our culture, so that our children grow by valuing all their person, valuing the individuality, the diversity, the inclusion of it.
We have to put people who are actually making the difference in a penetration.
If you make a difference in the real world, let's make them be the ones that come out in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they believe you can never stop being who they are, or reaching what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who are you in mind?
How to his wife.
How to his sister.
How to your daughter.
Is his short sandwich?
It could be simply the woman who is at two seats. What would it mean for her if he was released from that author voice in his interior, that I was thrilled by not having long legs, more skinny, a more flat, smaller feet?
What would it mean for her if we were pushing this up and we would say, "Round to its potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is getting us all.
But let's teach our children the truth.
Let's teach that the way you see is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and as they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compared to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small trips of a year's age of today, become safe change agents of themselves.
So let's do it.
On November five, 1990, a gentleman named Elizabeth Month walked into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi Mermed Kalmaich, the leader of the Demonstration of Defense Judge.
To Justine initially they declared it innocent, but being prisoners for other minor charges -- compared to others, they started planning attacks to about 12 New York icons in New York, including tunnels, synapses and the United Nations.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by an FBI inform.
Sadly, the 1993 bomb in the World Trade Center couldn't be avoided.
Later, I would be convicted of being convicted by his participation in that attack.
Elizabeth Monterey is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being a Egyptian engineer, with a lovely American mother, primary school teacher.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which very few, even most Muslims come to know.
For experience I saw that when people take time to interact, you don't require a lot to get the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in all human groups, there is always a little fraction of people who are supportive so hard to their convictions that you think we have to use all possible media for everybody to live like them.
A few months before the arrest was sitting with me, and I explained that in the last few weeks of week, he and some friends, had been going to train training in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We came to the Pole Turkey police who, without knowing our group, was raped by the FBI.
When I got to pull out, my father helped me hold the river in the shoulder and explained to me how to aim the target at about 30 feet.
That day, with the last bullet that I shot back to the little orange light on the goal, and for the surprise of all of us, especially me, the whole goal is in flames.
My uncle came to others and in Arabic, he said, "I was a burden."
Such a father, such son.
All of us, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but only a few years later, I understood what they felt so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted to put a van with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground coast of the North Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and hurt another 1,000 people.
I admired those men.
I called them "momentum: which means uncle.
When I turned 19, I had moved 20 times, that instability during my childhood didn't allow me to do a lot of friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable close to somebody already a moment of packing and going to another city.
As it was always me the new face of the class often was a victim.
I was building secret my identity to avoid being the white one, but it will be the new of the class, silence and regime, was enough municipal.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
And for these reasons I didn't develop social skills, to say it so massively, and growing under familiar, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
I was educated. I was educated by judging people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could you open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that I tried to test my thinking, was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a university program where I participated at the National Convention Julian in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the theme of juvenile violence. As I had been victim of marriage almost all my life, it was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from various principles.
One day, at the end of the convention -- I discovered that one of the kids who had made friendship was Jew was Jewish.
I took several days to go out to the light, and I realized that there was no animation between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend and I was frankly feeling very proud of having been able to beat the barrier that all life had made me believe it was a stranger.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer work in Bush Gardens, a amusement park.
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental in my character development.
The whole life had taught me that the human was a sin and by extension, all the health heroics.
By chance, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most amazing and less critical that I had seen in life.
Having been accused by a child, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy to treat people well-being exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
So for that sense, I was able to contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what that is about being a hammer, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then the Daily Shoel."
Every night, Jon Stewart became intellectually honest about my intrinsics, and I helped to see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my father's shape at a moment where I was desperately needed.
In occasions, inspiration can come from the unexpected. And that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremely -- it wasn't in vain.
I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that I would preserve in my heart forever, while it's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough with the internal dominant and said, "I'm tired of hating."
And at that time, I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all of that hatred in your inside.
My real name is Zach Ethiopio.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why decided to go out and put in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I have done it because I hope someone -- some day, who is trying to take the violence, I can hear my story and understand that there is a better path, that even though I was connected to this violent and interrecting ideology, I didn't get to make me fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against pressures.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives.
By the victims of terrorism to speak against those certain acts of my father's actions.
And with this simple I'm exposing me here as a proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow the paths of their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Right now, there's a film that is projected in their minds.
It's an incredible multiply movie.
It's in 3D, and it has a surface sound of what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has arm, flavor and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your hungry, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, like moments of your childhood who are projected in your eyes.
And it has constantly a voice superimposed in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the film are you who experience everything in the direction.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of human being.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie in you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a conscious consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware of, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we conscious.
Why do we have these internal movies.
Why are we not just robots that we need to produce results without experiencing the internal movie in the Internet?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate awareness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science is objective for nature.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost the 20th century, I predict that vision.
The psychology studied the behavior, the brain neuroscience studied the brain, but never nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, it all started to change.
Neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pennels said, "Now is the time for science to address consciousness.
And since then, there was a real explosion, a science of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of consciousness in the recent years was the pursuit of correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work I presented Nancy Karashan a few minutes ago.
Now we understand a lot better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or to feel pain or happy.
But this is still a science of correlation.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience responds some questions that we want it to explain consciousness -- the questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscientists.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Because I don't address the real central mystery of this matter, why do all physical process in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness.
Why does a subjective internal movie exist?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, give them a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like completes, like humanities, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical things are all cases of emerging behaviors -- how the chemotherapy works, how the hurricane works, how they reproduce, they adapt and metabolize living organisms. They're all questions about objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we talk about, how do we play chess -- they're all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem, the question of why is it that all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here is, the standard paradigm of the emergence -- the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientific math.
I want a scientific theory of the altruism that works. For a long time, I would hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end I came to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we get stuck at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanations that we get used to this: physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
We don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness right now, is a kind of analogy, something that we need to integrate to our view of the world, but we don't know yet.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that initially seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Your crazy idea is that there is no such problem hard for consciousness.
The whole idea of the internal subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
In fact, what you have to do, is to explain the objective functions -- the behaviors of the brain, and so you study everything that needs explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of proud consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply denial that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be protein.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental browsers: space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern them, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These laws and fundamental properties are not explained in terms of nothing more basic.
Instead, they consider fundamental ones, and that's where the world is constructed.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is approaching.
In the 19th century MacC found that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental consequences, pressure, time, mass, Newton laws, then put the basic laws of electronics, and put the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those government laws.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental interests, presidential space, time, mass time, and then for a matter of logic, you have to throw the list.
The most natural thing would be to publish consciousness as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens up the way to make it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, physical processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can stop them in a regulation.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can stand in a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called publications, "Pandembard, for all of us, "post-relative by mind, every system is conscious, not only humans, the dogs, the mice, even the microbes of Rob Kentucky, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or they think.
It's not that a picture can be full of distress when you think "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the roofs."
No, so no.
But the thought is that perhaps photons can have some kind of crude feeling, subjective feeling -- some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How do someone think something so crazy?
In part this comes from the first crazy idea, consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass is natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems to us, it's much less for the different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
One deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that relate to the thinking with physical process, is linking awareness with information.
Whenever there's information processing, there's consciousness.
Processing of complex innovation, like in a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information, simple consciousness.
One very exciting thing is that in recent years a neuroscience, the Giano Tonnagrad, took this kind of theory and development directly with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called a piano, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And I guess it has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration, a high degree of piece, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a degree of information integration of information, as much significant, degrees of quite important consciousness.
But when you get to the commandments, microbes, particles -- the degree of the piano says.
The level of information integration is lower, but it's not zero either.
In tone theory, there will still be a level of a different awareness of zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degrees of point, high degrees of consciousness.
In addition, another reason is that public pages can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking: "Where does the fire of the equations come from?
From the panel vision the equations of physics can be left as they are, but you can use it to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically, describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire on the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not found outside the physical world as a kind of adult.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, particular vision, has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have a fairly serious ethical consequences.
Some can be illegal.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then I had to be vegetable.
If you're a publisher and you accept that vision, you will have a lot of hungry.
I think thinking about it well, this tends to transform your vision, whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral conditions, is not both the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Arabic artificial intelligence system in the movie "Here?
Is it conscious?
According to the particular information, she has a complicated information processing processing, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you get a lot of serious ethical problems on the ethic of smart computer systems and the ethics to turn it off.
Finally, you can ask for complete collective consciousness the planet.
Can Canada have its own consciousness.
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk, right now we have a TED collective conscience, an internal movie for this whole group of TED, different from the internal movies of every single part?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that must be serious.
So this public view, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer than the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, which is a universal thing.
Vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those little bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love us.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going on the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we finally will go find it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural village in victory.
I had a very normal profile, a low education profile.
I went to school, I got my friends, I was fighting my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community approached my parents because I wanted to notice for a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She's actually not getting anything."  And they had right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile in my mother's hair, and I spent a lot of time looking at the Burger Season and "Davids Creator: "Deep Creator."
Yeah, I know. What contradiction.
But they had right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability outside the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching at a high school of Melon, just after about 20 minutes in the 11 class of legal studies a guy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when do you give your speech?
And I said, "What is it?
Well, I had been talking to you about the law of definition for the good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair chairs, talk about inspired things in school?
"Because generally in the act room.
And that's when I realized, this kid had had experiences with people with disability as objects of inspiration.
And we are not. And it's not guilty of the guy, it's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manifestations.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire us.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking like what I do in this wheelchair, and you're probably waiting for you to inspire you. Right?  Yes.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to decline slapping.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied us in relation to disability.
Yes, we have sold us the lie that disability is a bad thing, to a capital M mathematician.
It's something wrong and living with a disability makes you remarkable.
It's not a bad thing and it does not make it remarkable.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude."
Or this one: "Your excuse is invest."
Or this one: "Before I leave, I take it."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one of the girl without hands drawing with a pencil subsidized by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with the high-speed landscape legs.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call a porn inspiration.
And I use the term profile, because they connect a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we connect to the disabled people in the benefit of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, motivate them, so that we can see them and think, "Well, for very bad that's my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I have lost the number of times that I've been missing strangers to want to express you that you think I'm courageous or a source of inspiration, and this is happening before my work had a public profile.
It was like I was happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is cost.
These images, those images connect people with disability in the benefit of people without disability.
They're there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
We had some things.
But the things that we have are not the things that you can think about.
They're not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term "presentations that are detailed -- deliberately because I care about called social model of disability that tells us that we are more disabled, because of the society that we live in because of our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited with him.
It does the things I need to do, and I've learned to get the best of your ability as well as you do, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside the common.
They're just using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to engage them in the way we do it, by sharing those pictures?
When people tell us, "You're a source of inspiration: it says it as a complete.
And I know why it happens.
It's because we have sold us this lie that disability makes us remarkable.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here to be inspired by inspiration and you think, "Oh God, Stephen, you're not sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
I learn from other people with disability at all time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
And I learn that this is a cool idea to use some banana pieces to collect the things that are falling to me.  I learn the ingenious trick of how to load the cell phone battery in the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the strength and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis but against a world that is excited and costs.
I really believe that that lie that have sold us about disability is the greatest instruction.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude: the reason that that's lying is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smile to a staircase of stairs has never done it becomes a race.
Never.   smile to a television screen won't be able to appear for the deaf people.
Nor a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and running a positive attitude to turn all those books into the barb.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl, sitting in his bedroom watching Budroon, the Vacami Salman is not considered to deserve anything for being on a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we are happy to lift out of bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability and I want to live in a world where a kid in 11 degrees in a high school school school is not a little bit surprised that their new teacher is a wheelchair users.
Disability does not make us except, but to question what you think about what you think about it.
Thank you.
What do you have to do augmented reality and professional football, with empathy empathy?
And what's the average speed of a normal pilot?
Unfortunately, today just to answer one of those questions, so please don't discover.
When people think about augmented reality, they think of "Minister Republic, and Tom Cross holding their hands in the air, but augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how did we get to the augmented reality?
The first step, it's what I carry put -- the Google Glass glasses.
I'm sure many of them are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass, is a device that allows you to see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what is being a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use the Google Glass, underneath a helmet and know what is running through the game field at 100 miles, the blood hitting your ears.
We can know that it feels like a 110 pounds man chasing us, trying to get away with everything to be.
I've been there and I assure you that it's nothing nice.
I brought some videos to show you what the Google Glass, the water Glass, and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the NFL practices, because the idea of the NFL emergency technology is a submarine rising the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Klaheley: Come on.
It's horrible to be the tackling.
A moment. Let's zoom a little bit.
Programmed?
Go!
Chris Klaheley: As you can see, it's a proof of what's being made in the football field, from the perspective of the therapist.
You may have realized that you lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, cutting up at the University of Washington.
(Music manuallars, Matther 145: The 25th Mates 54: Mates.
Blue 8, Blue eight: Go!
Chris Klaheley: This is a little bit more about the feeling to be in the field, but it has nothing to do with being in the NFL.
Faces want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they've asked me on YouTube and Twitter and you can see from the angle of a field market.
Or from a race?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Goldmark and Google Glass, how do we get out of filled with the next level.
We bring it to that level using something called Octobers Richard, which surely many already know.
The Occupy Rift has been described as the most realistic virtual reality apparatus ever created, and it's not a cheap word.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no, no, I don't want to keep playing play." No!
Oh, my God! Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain, fearing for his life.
What will the experience of a fan when we record a video from Adrian Peters crossing the line, getting rid of a cheat with the arm before you run and make an abstraction? What will be the experience of a fan.
When can I be Message running through the country, launching the ball at the bottom of the network? Or Federa doing a shot in Williams?
What will be your experience when it comes from a mountain to more than 100 miles a oxygen school?
You might increase the sales of patients for adults.
But this is not yet increased.
It's just virtual reality, RI.
How do we reach the augmented reality, R?
We're going to reach the augmented reality when the coaches and the members and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win paradigments?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. It gives you money.
So, here's a brief puzzle on the technology in the NFL.
In 1965, the Potatons of Baltimore put a drive to his field market to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL put radio in the holes of the fields of the field and then in the defenses.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertained.
In 2013, imagine you are a player coming back to your group and you see your next game shown in front of you, in a plastic video that you take in a place. You don't have to worry about forgetting a game.
Or to memorize the strategy.
They only go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because they don't follow their instructions, they lose party, and they hate to lose party.
If you lose parties you wake up as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just a manual strategy manual.
And augmented reality is also a way of collecting information and using it in real time to improve your way of playing the game.
How would it do?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from how high people are down.
You also get information from the sensors of the helmet and the acronym, something that's already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will be able to send it.
The bad ones will have a lot of information.
This difference to the good teams of bad guys.
So your computer team will be as important as your reconstructions, and the data analysis will stop being just for nerves.
It will also be for departments. Who would have imagined it?
What would it be like in the country?
Imagine that they're the field.
You get the balance and back.
Look for an open receptor -- suddenly a flashlight.
You move to the protection area.
Another flower will warn you that there's an open receptor.
You launch the bullet -- but you get away.
And the bullet loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land. However, the receptor sees in your bombsight a blade of grass that lights up and can modify the race.
It approaches, it pulls the bullet and runs and analyze.
The audience goes up and the fans have followed the game from every angle.
This is something that will create a massive emotion in the game.
I'll make lots of people look at it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is: we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circuit, like our usual entertainment.
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to promote empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, to be somewhere else's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports lights.
It generates billions of income per year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show an abusive board how their actions are their actions from the perspective of victim?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia.
How much is it worth for a Hampone Harvard or a Neil Democratic Testical trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of quarterly notes and Karastic notes.
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality.
The questions we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face, depend on as always, from us.
Thank you.
I recently retired me after 23 years of service at the High City of California.
Most of those 23 years happened to be patterning the south end of the Monterey County, which includes the Golden Gateshara.
The bridge is an iconic structure, who is globally known by its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean and its inspiring architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1973.
Joseph Strades, a head engineer commissioned to build the bridge, said that, "The bridge is pretty much a test of suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical nor prostate.
But from its openness, over 1,600 people have jumped their death from that bridge.
Some people think that traveling between the two towers will take you to another dimension, this bridge has been interacted as such, such as the fall from it from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that go underneath clean your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a fall of four to five seconds, the body hit the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact broke the bone, some of which they are self-organizing vital organs.
Most die in the impact.
The ones that don't normally stand up in the helpless water, and then they get away.
I don't think that the ones that are contemplating this method of suicide realize the machine death that you will face.
This is the wire.
Except about the two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel in the bridge.
This is where most people are before they take their life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that edge, and at its darkest time, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year, while this young man was talking to an official contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had a success that day to bring it back on the barrel.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the way through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who contain suicide, but the officials too.
We've been a long way since then.
Today, veteran and psychological officials train new officials in the world.
This is Jason Garder.
I met it on July 22 last year by getting a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the verge near the center.
I said, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to an official from the Golden Gate Bridge Brido.
Jason was only 32 years old, and I had flown up here since New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up to here twice before New Jersey to try to get suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason and asked us if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
And remembering the Greek mythology Zero, he created Pandemboard, and he sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said, "No, never open that box.
Well, one day, the curiosity could more than Pandemboard, and she opened the box.
And she came out of it, weight, and all sorts of evil areas against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What happens if you open the box and not hope?
And he stopped a little bit, leaned on the right, and it was gone.
This smart and smart guy in New Jersey just took my life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how it was.
Jason parents had asked it.
Super damage damage.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family or a friend or someone loved was suffering?
What would you say?
Do you know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just have to speak, but you have to listen.
Listening to understand.
Don't argue, blame you, or tell the person you know how it feels because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the tipping point that you need.
If you think someone is suicide, you're not afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is, "What are you in similar circumstances have thought about ending their life -- have these thoughts have had these thoughts?
In front of the person in front can save life and be the inflection point for them.
Other signs to look for -- despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve -- improvise, believe that there is nothing you can do about it: a recent social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I would like to read your letter.
She lost his son on January 19 this year, and he wrote this email just a couple days ago, and it's with his permission and blessing that I read it.
"Hello, Kevin Kevin. I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go on the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave you a note.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite inspiring, but noticing more moments of realizing really that Mike will not go home.
Mike was driving from Peter to San Francisco to see the past 49 with his father on January 19.
He never got there.
He called the Peter police and reported it as that night.
The next morning, two officials came to my house and reported me that Mike car was down on the bridge.
A witness had seen it out from the bridge at 15 o'clock in the afternoon of the day.
Thank you so much for fighting those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who has not been wrong without suffering a real mental illness.
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My prayers are with you for your struggle.
GGMCC, the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery of it.
Good luck this week, Victoria."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go through the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go forward.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005 responded to a radio call for a possible suicide subject on the sidewalk near the north tower.
I drove my engine on the sidewalk, and I looked at this man, Kevin Bertie, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, I crossed the railing barrier, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
During the next time, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day will come back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, I happy.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What was it that made you come back and give hope and the other opportunity?
And you know what told me?
He said, "You listened to me.
They let me talk to you and just listen.
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother's mother, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to read it.
"Dear Brito, nothing erase the events of the 11 of March, and you're one of the reasons why Kevin is still with us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was climate for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental disease for which it has been properly medicine.
I adopted Kevin when I only had six months, completely unconscious of all those headlines here, but thank God, we now know it.
Kevin is in order, as he said.
We give God for you.
Simply in debt with you, Navy Bertiesha!
And in the end, she wrote, "Pace." When I visited the General Francisco General Holiday that night, you would figure out how the patient.
"I know I had to solve it."
Today, Kevin is a loving father and active member of society.
It speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression with the hope that their story inspired others.
Superhero is not just something that I've found myself at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was suicide with poison.
That act, despite finishing its own pain, is stealing the opportunity to know it.
This is what suicide does.
For most people suicide, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about beating another person.
They just want your own pain to be there.
Usually this is achieved only in three ways: sleep, drugs or algorithm or death.
In my career, I've answered and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illnesses and suicide calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason one.
The other one was a man I talked about about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
In the final force, I looked at me, and he said, "Kevin, sorry, but I have to go."
And I jumped out.
Horrible, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people that we come to contact in that bridge are not suffering.
In addition, those few who have jumped out of the bridge and lived and you can talk about it, that one or two percent, most of those people have said that the second one they left from the side they realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge not only connect Maria with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge we do, is something that each and each one of us should be striving for doing.
Superhero can prevent it.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you what you are, but inside you know what you are, and a question markets: How do you become that?
I must be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone in any way alone.
When I became a model I felt that I had finally achieved the dream I had ever had from a child.
My outside finally matched my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, which I'm going to refer to later, when I look at this picture I think, you do it George, you get it, you get it.
But the October past, I discovered that, you know, I'm starting to start.
We all loved our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value of free to get rid of the limitations imposed by skin color or the beliefs of those surrounding us.
They're people who are always challenging the status quo -- what is considered to accept.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent even ignored my story.
I think this animal is called reversing.
This is mine.
They recorded me as a "glass to birth because of the appearance of my genital genes.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always carried this shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl.
I knew then how to self-assemble.
The gender has always considered an immune fact, but now we know that, really, it's something more complex and mysterious, actually.
Because of my success, I never approached me to share my story, not because I thought it's going to be wrong, but how the world is dealing with those of us who want to liberate them.
Every day I appreciate being female.
I have Mom and dad and a family that I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist god of compassion.
There is a Hindu god -- diagrams of the livestock.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries in the Philippines who celebrated these puzzles.
I was in front of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman came up to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me -- this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still saw a man, I met this woman called T.B.
It's the director of a conversation of transitional beauty.
That night she said, "Why haven't you been involved in the beauty of beauty behavior?
He told me that if I was involved in the speech and the version of the sentence and the version, and that night, he won in the bathroom suit, and he won a gallery suit and got a third end between 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was in the world of beauty resistance.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was in terms of beauty of transition women, but I can.
I also met the goddess goddess -- especially when we were traveling to remote providers from the Filings.
But more importantly, I met my best friends in that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they approved my green card solidies that could go live to the United States.
It was me.
I told my mother, "Mommy, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty of beauty."
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know that if you moved to America you can change the name and the gender identity.
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested that I gave him two or my name.
She also accompanied me when I was operating in Thailand at age 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand to do the most prestigious and sophisticated surgery.
At that time in the United States, it was necessary to make surgery before they change the name and the gender.
So in 2001 I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driving license with the name Gene and the Fementity of Germany German.
It was a big moment.
For some people, their identity document means being able to drive or be able to get a job, but for me it was the license to live, to feel dignity.
Suddenly, my fears were simply memorized.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be models.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman from Mumbai Netherlands.
A young woman in New York who was mostly living their truth, but that, prepared, put his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 of November, we do a global surveillance by the Commodity Companion of translations.
I'm on this stage because of a long history of people who hair and stood up to injustice.
These are Martha P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and only for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth, without shame.
I'm here, expressing me, so that someday there are no more victims of November 20.
My deeper truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: George, a quick question.
George Rock: Sure. You see, first, thank you with all my binary.
My support network, my parents especially, to my family, who itself is very strong.
I remember all the times I've been attending young women who have been translated, who I've been oriented, and sometimes when they called me and told me his parents couldn't accept it. I would take the phone, I would call my mom and said, "Mommy, can you call this woman?
Sometimes it worked, others don't. It's just gender identity, that's what is at the center of what we are, right?
That is, all of us are assigned by a gender at birth, and what I'm trying to do is put on the table that some times that self-expression -- and there should be a space that allows people to self-assembly -- and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
Transportation movement is starting compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
I should have understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope that all of you are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very nice. GH: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents usually know for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007, and when they were having their efforts in 2011, when he was harvested by the National Prize of peace, it became very famous -- a very popular girl in her country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but I'm now his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the story of women is the story of injustice.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when a little girl, their birth doesn't celebrate.
It's not well, not for his father, not for his mother.
The neighborhood comes to the mother and nobody happy to the father.
And a mother was very overwhelmed by having a girl.
When it gives birth to the first child, the first daughter, you get sad.
When it gives birth to the second daughter, it compared to it, and with the hope of a son, when he was called his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only is mother suffering, but the daughter -- the newly born, when it grows, suffer too.
At the age of five, when I should go to school, he stays at home and school admitted to his sisters.
Until the age of 12 years, in some ways, it has a good life.
You can fun.
It can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when it comes into the teenager, when it comes to 13 years when it comes to 13 years of his house without a male apple.
It's confined to the four walls of their house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if you translate the code of that supposed honor -- I could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this assumption of honor is not only affecting the life of a girl, also affects the life of male members of the family.
So this brother sacred the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters in behalf of the supposed honor.
And there's a norm more of the patriarchal societies called obesity.
A good girl is supposed to be very transit, very humble and very submarine.
It's the criticism.
The model of a good girl must be standing.
It's supposed to be quiet and it accepts the decisions of their father and their mother and the choices of the elderly even if you don't want.
If you marry a man who doesn't like or if you married it with an old man, it has to accept it, because it doesn't want to be a detail plastic.
If you married it, it has to accept it.
Otherwise, they will call it understanding.
And what about the end?
In the words of a poet -- "The House, the ship, and then it gives birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, increases the same obesity lesson to its daughter and the same honor of honor to their children.
And this vicious circle goes on and on.
dear brothers and sisters, when Malania, and for the first time, believe me, I didn't like the newborn ones, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I was very honored to me.
And so much before I was born, I thought about her name, and I was fascinated with a legendary flow of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malifa of Mamma, and I called my daughter like this.
But when I looked at me, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line of my name, and I wrote, "Mall.
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half, I admired her in my school.
You might wonder, why should I mention a little girl in a school?
Yeah, I should mention it.
You can take it for sitting in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in the poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for child life.
In fact, in a school means the recognition of their identity and his name.
An admiration to school means it's entered the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore its potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks before, when I was taking the Canadian vision form, and I was in the relative part to the family, I couldn't remember the stack of some of my sisters.
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That's why I value my daughter.
What my father could not give my sisters or his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence and safety of my daughter.
I forced it to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encourage you to go to different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried influences in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Mala.
I've shared all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
I used education for emissions.
I taught my daughters, taught students, to forget the lesson of the obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called security.
Dear brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and, in particular, for women's rights.
It was called the talent.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
The girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the girls removed and the seats and the killed.
And they had a few million, but a few of them were talking, and it was terrifying to have those people who kill and remove when you talk for their rights.
It's really frightening.
By the age of 10, malware stood up and raised on the right to education.
He wrote a diary for the BBC blog, was offered herself for the New York Times documentaries and talked about every platform I could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It was sprayed as a land around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban could not tolerate his campaign and nine in October of October we shot it to the head.
It was a fatal day for my family and me.
The world became a big black hole.
Whereas my daughter was determining between life and death, he whispered her ear to my wife, "Should I blame my daughter for what happened to my daughter, your daughter.
And he was impossible to say, "Please don't blame you.
They define the right cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of the truth, because of the cause of peace, and because of the cause of education, and your daughter inspired you and joined you.
Both of them were on the right path and God protective."
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malawi was in the hospital and had severe pain and strong headaches because his facial nerve was cut down, I used to see a dark shadow that spread through the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained it.
I used to tell you, "I'm fine with my smile still and the enzyme in my face.
I'll get good. Please don't worry.
It was a consensus for us, and we were consumed.
They wanted brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist at the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children's rights and women, it's like a 16-year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't end his task.
He fights with his siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What's special in my tutor who has made so bold to Malanema so brave and expressive and communicate?
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
He didn't cut their wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operated from the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm engineering.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the Moutha group of Google, where I've had a dinner to my charge, the Google X-ray visualization division -- but all the work I'm talking today about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there is a stigma when you give you a brain operation.
Are you just as smart or not?
If it won't be like that, can you be smart.
After neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the sticky death of the center that creates important hormones and neurologists.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what number to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combinations and mix mix mixes, and try to get them to keep them alive.
More than once.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided that I would experience to try to get the optimal doses because there's really no clear map that says it in detail.
I started testing with different mixes and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the doses were dramatically changing my automation, my sense of who I was, my way of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case for a few months, I tried to test doses and chemical chemicals for a men on the ground, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts would change.
I was always fundamental, I thought all the time in the sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, many times in the past I've known a number of guys like this, or maybe some attacked versions of it.
It turned out to be an end.
But my big surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrogant.
In fact, I was trying to get a little bit instant, to fix a problem that I had in front of it, and it just didn't happen.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my doses.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and about what they have to go through.
What I was trying to do -- when we adjust those hormones and neuroscience and so on, I was to reclaim my intelligence after the disease and the operation -- my creative thought, my idea of ideas.
I tend to think almost always in images, and that became my key reference point -- how do I get those mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want it? testing new ideas and recreating situations.
This kind of thoughts is not new.
Philades like Human, Descartes and Hobbes, look at things like this.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Today there are those people who question this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works. For me is simple, for most of us, mental imagery are fundamental for creating and invention.
So after several years, I managed to find the right point and I have a lot of great mental magnetics, really variable, well sophisticated and good structure.
Now, I'm working on how to take these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use his imagination only to steer the world that has a free?
Or could a musician extract the music of their head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can get to share at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is simply increasing the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments done by two developed groups in neuroscience.
Both of them used MRI technology, image for functional magnetic resonance to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by George Ganges and his colleagues at Harvard.
The column on the left shows the scan of a person who looks at an image.
The middle column shows the brain scan of that same individual as he imagined it, watching that same image.
The column on the right was created by restoring the contents of the central column of the left -- you see that the difference is almost animal.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost north.
Now, let me share another experiment. This is the laboratory of Jack Galler in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert brain waves into reconstructive visual fields.
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were scanning their brains to create a big brain reactions of the brain to video sequences.
Then you showed a movie with new images, new people, new animals, and as a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scanning -- I decided to show what seemed like the person was seeing.
On the right, you can see the deforestation of the computer, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This left us bathroom.
We're pretty close to it.
We just need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember, when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, you create the brain the same map.
This was led to the scale of brain scanning systems available today, and their resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are lots of techniques to do it.
One is opening up the skull and introducing electrodes here.
I don't offer myself for that.
Many of them are providing new techniques of projection for images, even me -- counting with the recent MRI outcome, first of all, we need to ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the road?
conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets -- but at this point, more grain magnets only offer small improvements in the resolution -- not increases for thousands of how we need.
I propose this idea: instead of larger magnets, let's make better magnets better.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different rules, like making a spiritual.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a huge amount of effort in the MRI was to make really big magnets, right?
But most of the recent advances in the resolution of ingenious and brilliant solutions in code and declining, in the transmission and recently receptor records of radio FDA in the MRI systems.
At the time, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we use structures that are structured to the frequencies of FM radio.
So when you combine the magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio frequencies, we can increase the information that you can extract in a single scale.
Also, we can then split our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
By using MRI we should be able to measure not only the fluid of blood blood, but the of the hormones and the neurotransmitters I've mentioned and perhaps even direct neural activity -- this is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas into the digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go through language and communicate directly through thinking about?
What would we be able to be?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filters.
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be inertilable to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the Alzheimer's cure and similar diseases.
We have a few choices more than open this door.
Anyway, pick up a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that I'll take a lot more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet, and not a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have arms.
His arm may be to tell some person for the first time that the loves or telling someone who's pregnant, or telling someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have been killed in life.
Everything is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can vary tremendously, the experience of having lived in and out of that arm is universal.
Day fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
Many years ago, I worked on the South Side Walk Cafe, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through a number of phases of the space in the space military, not to save my armpits -- I would quote the letters of Ann gave France as a letter.
And I'm going to be aware that because of the hole of my short screen and to have given my head a little bit, I would usually ask myself a small child, "Hey, are you a kid or a boy?
And it appears an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would take my jaw a little more, I would take my coffee with a laughter leave.
The father would inspire the newspaper and the mother would launch a cold look at his son.
But I would not say anything, and I would run inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight it.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time would say something.
He would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, again.
"Are you a guy or a girl?
A family silence, but this time I was prepared and was about to get into the female issues at the table.  I had the Betty Francisco quote.
The Gloria Stephen quote.
Even a fragment of the "Vagina Monologues," which I would show you.
And then I breathe up and down the look and my backs a little girl from four years old with a pink dress, looking at what's not a challenge for a feminist little girl, just a girl with a question: "Are you a kid or boy?
So I breathe again, I put out of clinics near her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is something confusing is.
I have the short hair as a kid, and I saw a kid clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable picture.
Well, I'm more than a complete picture of a comfortable picture."
And that girl looked at me finally, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite picture is rape and has a fish.
Can you give me a pancrea, please?
And that's it. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the park that I asked?
It was the easiest conversation of all of them ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the park and I, both we were honest with the other.
So as many of us, I've lived in some strikes in my life, and yes, often my walls used to be an army.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know what color is the walls.
You just know how you feel living in a strike.
That's how my closet is not different than you or your own or yours.
Sure, I will give you 100 reasons why coming out of my closet, was harder than coming out of your own, but this is the thing: The hard thing is not relative to it.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me that I'm going to explain to somebody who has been declared in a broken bank is more difficult than to say it's been declared?
Who can tell me that this story that I tell you is more difficult than telling your five years than you are going to divorce you?"
There's no more difficult thing, there's only the hard thing.
We need to stop planning what is difficult to what is difficult to what hard to someone else to make us feel better or worse relative to our arms and we should only feel empathy because we all live hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in arms, and they may make sure you feel security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, it doesn't matter what your walls are, a string is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a dress and tall shoe shoes.
It wasn't the military lesbian ready to fight any four-year-old child who would go into coffee in the coffee.
I was frozen by the fear, raised in a corner of my dark closet, asking my gay fat and moving only a muscle is the most scary thing ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to do not to decide, and now the world turned back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we all have followed for so long, but if you don't release that graduate, I'll kill you.
One of my most memorable labor launches was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time a lot of people among the guests knew that I was gay, and when I did my honor landscape laboratories, in my black dress and heating cockroaches, I walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents, people who knew I was talking years ago.
And after talking a moment, one of the women who were raised -- "I love Nathan Lane."
And the gay story battle had started.
Did you ever be in the Casto?
"Well, yeah, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco."
"Well, we've never been there, but we've heard that it's fabulous."
Ah, you know my stability Antarctic?
It's very good and never talked about having a biomass."
"Ah, what is your favorite TV program.
Our favorite program Will and Grace program?
And you know who loves us? Japan.
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, discounted but on the waiting of showing desperately his support, to make me know that I was on my side, finally said bad, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink ships."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as all the fat landscapes.
Sure, it could have been easy to indicate where they felt leave.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were surprised.
And what else can you ask someone, but do you get to shape?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how very authentic you get.
This is how hard conversations follow without being my strong point.
Ask anyone I have come out.
But I'm getting better, and I feel what I like to call the three principles of the Pantheons.
Now, please look at this through gay perspective, but you understand that what means coming out of any closet, it's essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the armyrup. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee didn't have armor but I was ready to battle it.
If you want someone to be generous, others have to know that we suffer too.
Number two: Be directly. You just say, "Rain your parasites.
If you know they're gay, let's say.
If you say to your parents that maybe they could be gay, they would keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more importantly,  leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You never apologize for that.
And some of you can go out safe wounds -- apologize for what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel disappointed, but something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So next time you find in a dark arm by looking at a grammar, you should know that we've all been there before.
And they may feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you, Book. Enjoy the leader.
Intelligence, what is that?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has been seen -- a productive example has been the famous quote from Excellent Disphants that the question of whether a machine can think of is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim at all.
When Excellent Disphants wrote this as a critical to the pioneers of computer as Alan Turing.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine you're from an alien race, which you don't know about the biology of the Earth or the neuroscience of the Earth or the intelligence of the Earth, but you have incredible telescopes and you can look at the Earth, and you have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, which has no concept about the intelligence of the Earth, they would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, to a certain time in time, asteroids that make the surface of a planet mysterious just stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question as understanding the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that took a few years ago, I looked at a variety of topics through science, through several disciplines, which slowly, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
For example, for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally adjusted to the development of intelligence, and in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic movement planning, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the freedom freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different themes and putting them together, I said, for a number of years, there is a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different themes?
Is there an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to an E Y, for the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a force, F, that act in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action or maintain open choices, with a T force, with the diversity of possible futures accessible, yes, to an impending future time, right.
In a nutshell, the intelligence doesn't like to stay stuck.
The intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so, having in mind this equation, it's natural to ask: What can you do with this?
How predictive is it?
Do you predict the level of human intelligence?
Does artificial intelligence predicts artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more destructive, or "programmable," during their life should have tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that particular consumption between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship.
What if intelligent behavior isn't only correlated with long-term entropy production, but actually emerges directly from it?
To figure out, we've developed a software engine called Enthusiast, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system that is found inside.
Surprisingly, entropy could spend multiple animal intelligence testing, play games of human intelligence, and even earn money by making action, all of them without being told to do that.
Here are some examples of entropy in action.
Just like a human foot without falling up, here we see entropy balance automatically a post using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave entropy a goal.
He just decided for his account to balance the post.
This ability to balance will have applications for human robotics and human assistance.
This use of tools of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate pulling out of extremes of a rope at the same time to release food here, we see that entropy can perform a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
Entrepreneur is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
So for example, here we see it very successfully.
Here we see Enthusiast to orchestrate new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keeps successful network connected.
This same network management capacity also has applications in health care, in energy and intelligence.
Here we see Enthusines organizing the routes of a ship fleet and discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand the global level in the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see entropy spontaneously to discover and execute a buried strategy, a window in a simulated series of action negotiation -- successfully increasing assets under their exponential management.
This ability for risk management will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Withins: What you've seen is that a variety of markers of intelligent cognitive human behaviors such as tools use, walking upright and social cooperation -- everybody derived from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a profound irony here.
So we went back to the beginning of the room of the robot, the "Uprice play," there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion there.
The machines would get up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades, we've had the whole concept of cyber rebellion to reverse.
It's not that machines first become smart and then membrane and they try to take out of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise to take control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
They often ask me, "How do you look for goals you get rid of this kind of frame?
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or help them understand human intelligence, is this: the intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the freedom freedom of action and avoid restrictions in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at an inflection point in human history, something between the contact of stars and losing the planet we call "Hold."
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded our knowledge of how it fits the Earth in the context of the universe.
The Kepler Mission of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting other stars, which points that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the ultimate light intensity of the stars when planets go through the front of them, and they block a little bit of that light that gets us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the sizes of planets in addition to the distance between them and their stem star.
In the whole, this helps us understand if these planets are small and rich as the Earth's planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they receive from their sun.
At the time, this gives you clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this terrorism of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is believing under the weight of humanity.
The year 2014 was the most hot recorded.
And glaciers and sea ice have been with us from the millennia, now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we have caused on the global scale have successfully overcome our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a weather scientist, nor astronomer.
I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
I could say that I look for alien opportunities in the innovative sector.
Now, as someone very interested in the search for life in the universe I can tell you that the more planets that are similar to the Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invite a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets we know better, the ones of our solar system.
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rock, and despite being a little bit further from the Sun, you can consider a potentially livable world showing this by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and partly that's why we study so much to Mars.
Our rolls like the "Musica trace their surface in looking for clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the MIT mission -- take samples from the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
private companies now offer not only short space flights but also the tempting chance of living on Mars.
But even though all these Mars images remind us about the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with cutting-edge ideas and pioneers compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the expansion of the destructive areas of our planet that still remain to collaborate, really experiments compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and most elevated places on Earth the air is fresh and full of oxygen removed by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other paradigm planets with a big and sad shadow, the implications and belief of some that Mars will wait there to save us from this influenced structure of the only planet that we know is truly holidable, the Earth.
As much as I like the interplanetary exploration, I'm deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like to imagine that the captain of the Titanic is going to tell us that the party of truth will be later in the wild.   Thank you.
But the targets for international exploration and land preservation are not contracted.
No, they are actually faces of the same coin, the goal of understanding and creating life in the future.
The extreme environments in our world look like alien pandemics.
They're just closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile areas and insurance areas of the land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
Let me leave you with a mental experiment, the Park paradox.
Many years ago, the physicist Enrico Fermi asked myself: realizing our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there were many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the existence of alien life so far.
Well, where are they?
Well, one possible solution to the paradox of Feynman is that when civilizations become enough advanced enough to consider to keep living between stars, they lose the notion of how important the planets are to protect the origin of planets that made this development.
It's arrogant to think that only the international colony will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and international exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to empower the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve the skill on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own home.
And while I was on the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that they were at the dining table, where I had left them.
So fast tried to open all the other doors and windows and they were all right closed.
I thought about calling a closet, at least I had my cell phone, but in midnight, a closed man could take a lot of time to come in, and he was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend from Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe to the next morning, and I was aware of my passport and my suitcase bag.
It would be expensive, but sure that I was not more expensive than a certain ant in the middle of the night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, I went out well.
I'm a profession neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Coral library increases heart rhythm, modulate levels of adrenaline and cloud thinking.
And when I got to the factory show in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started wondering, if there was something that I could do, systems that could put in his place, that they prevent the bad things.
Or at least, if you happen bad things, which minimize the probability that it's a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't create.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Karker, winning from the Nobel Prize, and a little bit embarrassed I told him that he broke the window, and I had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called prospective replacements.
It's something he had learned from psychologist Gary Klein, who had written about this a few years before, known as the prize.
Everybody knows what's the push.
Every time there is a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what came wrong, right?
In the prize, as Danny explains Danny, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could be wrong, then tries to figure out what can be done to prevent things to happen or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk about with you is some things we can do in the form of a promise.
Some of them are evidence, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, you will make a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis -- based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called hyperactivity, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where the good is, where the fish are, which drives the fruit trees, where the tribes are living and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that looks like in the London taxi.
It's the part of the brain that allows squirrels.
And if you wonder if somebody really did the experiment, they cut the electricity sense of the squirrel and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use the optimistic, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing the car keys, reading and patterns.
So at home you want a place for keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For your passport, a particular box.
For your reading glasses -- a particular one.
If you define a place and you're supermarket with it, your things will always be there when you look at them.
What about the trips?
Take the cell phone a picture of their credit cards, driver's license, passenger takes them by email themselves to be in the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, this can facilitate the subject.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases cortex.
Control is toxic and enthusiasm the thought.
So part of the practice is to recognize that under stress we're not going to be at the best time, and you have to put the systems on their site.
And there are perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention, or a loved one, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is done as a program for all of us making medical decisions, and in fact for financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from which they benefit a rational assessment of facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've got the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit."
They all know that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attack the heart, driving brain.
So you're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to recreate a drug that will help you reduce color, a station."
And maybe you've heard about the statistics, and you know it's one of the most respected drugs in the world today -- even you can even know people who take them.
So you think, "Yeah, remember the status."
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistics that has to be asked for most physicians don't want to talk about, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the North, the number needed to treat.
And what about this, NGO?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or make a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And you have to think about what kind of statistical statistics is that?
The number should be one.
My doctor wouldn't give me something if I wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not guilty of the doctor, and if it's guilty of someone, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms very well.
But the estimates of Glamoa that 90 percent of drugs work only from 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number is necessary to treat the most widely recovered structure, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take before you help a person?
300 percent.
This according to the research of the cynical researchers Jerry Grahature and Pamela Harbor, confirmed independently by Bloomberg.
I myself explore numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before we avoid a single heart attack, or brain share or another adverse event.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one chance in 300 of us down my colleague.
Why not? Doctor? Tell me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for a more statistics, and it is, "Get the side of secondary effects, right?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced by five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things -- definitely muscle and articulate pain and anti-controlled pain, but now they think, "The five percent is not really likely to happen to me, still to take the medicine.
But a moment.
Remember that under stress don't think of clearly.
So think about how they look at this over time, so you don't have to make the chain of reasoning.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped you, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to come out for the drug that you help you the drug.
I don't say they had or not to take the station.
I just say that you should have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethic requires it, is part of the informed consent principle.
We have right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air of the copyright value of the crash, but actually this number needed to be quite typical.
For the surgery that you do in the older than 50 men, protection of prostate cancer, the number needed to treat is 49 percent.
So, 49 surgeries for a person who has helped you.
And side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of patients.
Those include the impact or the erectile discussion, the controller official, straight magic, fecal inconsistency.
And if you have luck, and it's one of that 50 percent of that 50 percent of the effects only for a year or two.
So the idea of the beginning is to think about the questions that you can plan to drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a choice many times, you want a more short life free of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change from opinion in the heat of the moment, but unless you're trained in this kind of thought.
Remember, our brain releases cortex under stress, and one of the things that happens at the time is that you turn a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator. You don't need the digestive system, or the release or the immune system, because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things, it doesn't react with fast. They could become the lunch of lions -- so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is rational logic, like Danny Karker and their colleagues have shown his colleagues.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think what's important here is to recognize that we're all defense.
We're all going to fail from time as well.
The idea is to think of the future how those failed failure, to put the systems in the place that will help you minimize the damage or to prevent the bad things to happen in the first place.
Retreat at night in Montreal -- when I came back from my journey, my contractor puts me a communication credit next to the door, with a key to the gate door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters I haven't ordered and lots of email messages that I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Pierc, "I mean, is my favorite musical symbol, Piero.
It means playing safely.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a period in the wild, you need to play more gently to play.
Two or more soft.
Four of them, extremely soft extremely.
This is my drawing of a tree tree, there you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of x can be, you'll never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence -- a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the story of the American system, the ALS, in addition to a little bit of my own story.
The French sign language came over the 1800s, and with the step of time, it mixes with local signs, and the language is developed today that we know as ALS.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
But now I realize that it's not true for anything.
The sounds are a very important part of my life, really they're in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I live in a foreign country, following their rules, cooperations, behaviors and rules without contentionists.
So how do you understand the sound.
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my arms and they amplify sound.
I learn and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I've learned, for example.
"Don't cut the door."
"Don't do a lot of noise by eating the frame of fraction frost."
"You don't experiment, and when you're eating, make sure you don't throw the covers into the plate."
I call this sound "Stockhoodle."
Maybe I think about sound tag more than the average person does it.
I'm just superintelligence of sound.
And I'm always waiting with the sound of sound, which is to come next.
From there, this drawing.
TBPA, to decide.
TBP: To keep going.
Tokyo, to announce it.
You can see that the picture doesn't have notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle and sound bombs.
In the deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for "the Paul in the Axis.
A typical picture has five lines.
However, to me, do the self with my thumb that doesn't feel natural.
That's why I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resistance there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries -- and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, sound was the trend and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now the sound has entered my art territory.
Is it going to distance me more than art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like that.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't only experience through your ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the ownership of sound and integrate it into my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me about sound, I decided to leave it and describe it.
I began to create a new job body.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was oblivious -- it was a little bit of a person.
And sound is so powerful that I could be deposited to me and my artistic job, or I could empower me.
I chose to be experiencing.
There's a massive culture around the spoken language.
And only because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me as well as to become my voice.
So I am able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, at work and institutions, I work with many different anthropologists from ALS.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, by asking their voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I wouldn't continue this practice, I feel that it could be declined in forget and not having any social value.
So with sound as my new artistic medium, deep in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and ALS.
For example, a musical note can't be captured and expressing fully on the paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in ALS.
The two are very space and highly modeling that means that subtle changes can affect the whole meaning of the signals as the sounds.
I'd like to share a metaphor of the piano, so that you understand better how ALS works.
So, imagine a piano.
The ALSS is divided in many different grammar parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for each finger as you touch the piano, like the facial expression, the body movement, the speed, the shape of hand and so, as you touch the piano, English is a linear language, as if it would only hit a keyboard at once.
However, the ALSS is more like an accuracy, you need the 10 toes in a simultaneous form to express a clear concept or idea in ALS.
If only a keyboard would change the chord and create a completely different meaning.
And the same thing happens with music in terms of tone and mammoth and volume.
In ALS, by using these different drug parameters -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal is leaving it."
This is the signal leave in that."
I'm looking at you.
Look at fine.
Oh, I was stuck.
Oh.
What are you looking at?
Oh, there's not."
So I started thinking, and if I look at ALS through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it over and over again, it could become like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of "David: the sun comes out, and it goes on.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, you visually look as a piece of music.
Every day.
I feel like the same thing can say all night.
"All night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different types of nights, "No, during the night."
I feel that the third has more musical than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in ALSS and how the distance in the body can express changes over time.
For example, one hand. It's a hand, two hands -- it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is in the back.
So, the first example is a long time ago.
Then, "I passed -- "I used to and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic idea of a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time.
"Common time is a musical term with a specific rate of four times per capita.
And yet, when I look at the word "time I think automatically at the same time."
Watch MR: hand right hand -- E, left hand.
We have the picture through head and chest.
(Audience: MR: Mayoroha Flying (Coming (Coming (Coming (Coming (Coming (Coming (Coming (Coming (Coming (Coming (Coming (Audience: My grandmother -- I'm going to teach you a form of hand called "Fahrenheit Darwin."
Can you do it with me?
All of them with the hands.
Now we're going to do it as much in the head as the chest, something like "the common time or "the same time."
Yeah, very good.
That means "for "enough in the international system.
The international system, as a note is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs around the world.
The second one I would like to show you is this one. Please do it again.
And now this.
It means "collection in the ASA.
Now, the third one. Please go back again.
And again.
It's "Lightment in the Axis.
We're going to do the three together.
"Look, colonial and "light climbing."
Good job.
Look at how the three signs are very similar. They all occur in the head and the chest -- but they transmit very different meanings, they do.
It's amazing to see how ALSS is alive and present, like music.
However, today, we live in a very communicating world.
And only because ALSS doesn't have sound, automatically doesn't have social value.
We need to start questioning what social value defines and allow ALSS to develop its own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a society more inclusive society.
And maybe people will understand that you don't have to be deaf, to learn ALS. Not to hear to learn music.
The ALSS is a rich trove and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Denish Karklet: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents told me, "You can turn it all, but then you have to clean it."
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocent bubble or an ignorance bubble I should say, because adults lie to us to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I learned that adults also study and they're not very good at cleaning each other.
Time country, now I'm an adult and teach citizen and invention at Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait so much for my students to walk on the beach transport with lots of trash.
So as good citizens, we cleaned up the beaches, and no, it's not the alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's something sport.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big bus business and networks, to collect those plastic pieces to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collected this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those huge boat.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years, we dream to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
So we started building this mass of work with a very low clay for kids to be able to participate.
And I'll tell you, the kids who manipulate electrical tools feel great, safe.
Not not.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collected the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragmentation of it.
We do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something we hope it works.
We decided that instead of collecting pieces of plastic, we just collect information.
By using a robot, we took a picture of this plastic -- the kids are very excited about robots.
Then we quickly create what we call a prototype."
We're so fast in the creation of prototypes that we ended up before lunch.
And we transform light cameras and camera cameras, and we put it into a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see the plastic pieces floating slowly through the sensor while the computer computer process this image and measure the size of each particle to get a rough estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We documented this step-by-step invention on a website called "Programs, with the hope that someone better even more.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and public, they're trying to fix it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem but my students in Hong Kong are very well kids.
You see the news, they come to the Internet, and they ran up with this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years, cleaning a oil spill, just using the hands, in Surgeons, the largest mangrove forest in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that you drink, it's the water where you bathe it, the water where they find, the place where you live.
You can also see that the water is brown and the mud and the oil are also of brown color, and when everything is mixed up, it's very hard to see what's in the water.
But there's a simple technology called specific, which allows you to look at what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can drive through all kinds of substances that produce different spectrum -- which can help to identify what's in the water.
We outfitted this prototype with a sensor and sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
I can investigate a problem at a distance -- I was forced to make a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm a half Japanese and half French and perhaps remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that you have several giant waves -- called technologies, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the east coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant in Fukushima, a nuclear central central center.
And today, according to the reports of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the whole Pacific Ocean has control traces for Sibothi.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure the radiation of Fukushima, everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems like most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it looks like safe -- it's blue.
Well, it's a little bit more complicated than that.
I have come back to Sustan every year from the accident and researching independently with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take the kids.
Of course we didn't take them, the parents didn't allow it.
But every night we reported to the control center, you see the use of different massoparing mass.
It might seem like they didn't take work seriously, but they did it because they're going to have to live with the radiation all their life.
Together with them we discussed the data that day and we talked about what we were going to do next, the strategies, the environment, etc.
And to do this, we created a regular policy of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the elevation map, we introduced pictures to represent data in real time from radiation, and we run water to simulate rain.
And with this we were able to notice that the radioactive dust was filtered from the top of the mountain to the river system and deposited in the ocean.
It was a rough estimate.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition -- closest to nuclear central to date.
We came up to 1.5 miles of nuclear center, and with the aid of the area we were collecting sea milk sediments with a sediment tracking as we invented and we build.
Here we see a progress: we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been beginning to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit so small so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong and it is a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optics.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children can actually become the help of adults, and where adults can be children again.
Students: Accelerator: Acceleration.
Center Harvard," we asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of the advanced age of advanced age transforming their standard wheelchair into new electrical vehicles in new electrical vehicles in new electrical vehicles in new electrical vehicles in new electrical vehicles in new electrical vehicles in new electric vehicles in new electric vehicles in new electric vehicles in new electric vehicles in new electric vehicles in new electric vehicles in new electric vehicles
Platform, oil and radiation are terrible legacy -- but the worst legacy that we can leave our kids are the lies.
We can't afford to protect children in the horrible truth, because we need their imagination to invent the solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators, friends, we have to prepare the next generation to be concerned about the environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin dome cultures, two radically opposite design.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other of a single silk strip.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organism.
One is concerned about the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Miguel angel said that when he looked at the marble market, he saw a figure that was struggling to be free.
The cylinder was a single Michael Agen tool.
But alive beings are not silent.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we take all the information that was required by every cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by rules of manufacturing and mass production.
The assembly lines have dictated a world made from parts, by putting the imagination of designers and trained architects to think of their objects as assembly of discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find marine material assembly in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skin is thin with dialed pieces.
The skin skins are more thick with little pin.
You act primarily as a filter, the other one as a barrier, and yet, it's the same skin, there's no parts, no ambulances.
It's a system that gradually vary its functionality by variation of stations.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architecture to work today between the cylinder and the gene, between the machine and the gratefulness, between the assembly and growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis.
My job, at its simplest level, tries to bring these two visions of the world, getting away from assembly and moving growth.
You probably wonder, why now?
Why wasn't this possible about 10 or even five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they create four disciplines that offers access to the tools that we had never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We designed objects, products, structures and tools through scale, of large-scale scale, like this robotic arm with a 24-year-old diameter of diameter with a veteran base that some day is not very far to print entire buildings -- and graphics in fact made of genetically engineered microscopes that shine in the darkness.
So here we have invented the helicopter, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and it has created a screen where every openness is unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a fall -- this was for a fashion device from Paris to Iranians van Heron -- it's like a second skin made from a single piece, stiff in the health, flexible around the belt.
Along with 3D Star printing collaborator, we printed this layer and cold 3D driver between the cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combine rigid and soft materials in the 20-year-old resolution.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution.
That designers have access to this high-tech analytical and synthetic instruments allow us to design products that are adapted not only the form of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the same time, composer and also it absorbs sound.
Professor Carter -- my collaborator back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this infranction pattern, it becomes software.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in rice, opportunity and color, correspond to pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, vary its functionality not through the addiction of another material or another assembly -- but vary continuously and unfortunately the material property.
But is the ideal nature.
No parts in nature?
I wasn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible, and one of them left me and came to define a lot of what I care about.
As she relates: "In the third day of creation, God sent the Earth to grow a fragile tree of fruit."
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches and leaves and fruits.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land grew up trees with branches and cortex, stores and flowers.
The land created a world made from parts.
I often ask, "What would the objects be if the objects were made of a single piece.
Are we going to come back to a better state of creation.
So we looked for the biblical material, the kind of fruit of the fruit tree with fruit and we found it.
The second most abundant biomaterial on the planet is called random, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs, scripts and butterflies, marijuana.
We thought that if we could tune their property, we could generate musical structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal markers.   We asked a lot of sharks to shrimp -- the Molas and we produced the chest page.
By valuing chemical concentration, we have been able to achieve a broad range of properties from dark, hard and opaque to light, soft and transparency.
To print the structures at large scale, it was built a system with multiple robots of robotic controlled extractive.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these man-made structures made from a single material, 100 percent recycling.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural shape to the contact with air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic.
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain pictures that appeared for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we built the bacteria designed genetically to capture a rapid carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without problems of version to mesh -- and if you go even more, to windows.
A fragile free tree of fruit.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water, and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of charges of shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed to big biodegradion, put in the sea, feed the marine life, and put on the ground, help grow a tree.
The fit for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to maintain the life for international travel.
To do that, we should dominate bacteria and control their flow.
Just as the periodic table, we made our own table of elements -- new forms of life created computer, and made in addition to both biological form.
I like to think about synthetic biology as liquid local, only instead of transforming precious metal materials, new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called microbial.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, they combined two microscopes.
The first is cybercriminal.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater standards.
And the second, E. collect, the bacteria that inhabit in human intestine.
One turns the light into sugar, the other consumer sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microscopes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution for design.
To contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract that will help you flow these bacteria and take their way into their way.
So we started growing those channels in the human body, adding the properties of the material according to desired function.
If we wanted more photographers, we designed more transparent channels.
This strong digestive system, when you stretch from one end to another, 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin interest.
And here it is, as a prisoner at TED, our first popular photographer, bright liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shell said, "We're creatures spent crashes, only half is done."
What if design would provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue and bring our bodies out.
Think about this as a way of editing biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, it has always to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer print material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do that.
It grows up. Adam with sophistication.
This category of the worm -- for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which it is metabolized.
The non-lethal manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It does it by combining not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations do.
One act as a structure, the other one is the glue or the matrix, bringing those fibers into each other.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm is in the environment, it creates a tension structure, and then it starts to smell a chapter of compression.
Tension and compression. The two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we put a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the story.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm.
However, when you put silk worm on a flat wall, not within a box, we realized that it would smell a flat chapter and still metropolist safely.
So we started designing different environments, different adaptings, and we've discovered that the shape, the composition, the structure of the cocoon -- is transmitted directly by the environment.
They often have silk worms to death within their captures, their silk goes down, and it uses in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these themes we could shape the raw silk without running a single chapter.
They were self-designed safe, and we could create these things.
So we climb this process to the architectural scale.
We had a stone robot making silk planes, and we put ourselves in our site.
We knew that silk silk weapons to more dark and cold areas -- so we used a sunlight diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or openness, to block the rays of light and heat and distribute silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the shops.
We asked 65,000 worms of silk to a line farm.
And after feeding them four weeks, they were ready to smell with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding and as they stored, they were standing, they put eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much shorter than us.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and it was right.
As a biological silk silk on the silk silk robotic silk -- they give all this pavilion its integration.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, 5,000 silk worms are going to take a thousand kilometers.
In a curious symmetry. This is also the length of the silk route.
Pollers, after the choice, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra panels in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk silk through a robotic arm, the other one filled back.
If the last design frontier is to give life to the products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers should join these two visions of the world.
Which leads us back to the beginning.
Here is a new era of design, a new era of creation, which brings us from an inspired design in nature to a nature inspired by design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we make care of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked them, "What do you want to be on the biggest?
If you had to remember what old age you had when they first asked this?
You can put it with the fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if you ask, "What do you want to be from bigger?
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be from bigger?
The problem was not that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked the English and the subjects and the art and developed websites, and also, I played the guitar in a punk band called Telecoming Francisco.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And I generally like to test and persist anyway, because having dedicated a lot of time and energy, and sometimes money in this field.
But over time, this feeling of business, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, something completely different, and I'm diving in it, and I let myself absorb and feel "Yes! I've found my mine." And then again, this point where I start to get bored.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to go into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this stuff into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, denied all my other passions and resist me to bring up.
Another reason why I got so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I worried that there was something wrong about this, and something wrong about me for not to define for anything.
I worried about being afraid of engagement, or to be dispersed, or to match my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I'd like to have posed then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to allocate the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things.
I'm going to tell you where they learned: they learned it from culture.
You ask ourselves, "What do you want to be from bigger?
We have about five years.
And the truth is that nobody cares about what you answer at that age.
You consider an naive issue to make nice answers in children like being astronomer, or being a dancer or "I want to be pieces.
Look at the Hall display here.
This question is done over and over again as we grow up in different ways, period. Hey, to high school students are asked to pick up in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be better?
It happens to be the cute exercise in before we take away the dream.
Why?
If this question inspired kids to dream what they might be, it doesn't inspire to sleep with everything they might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though you're good adults that might be inside and say, "Oh, what's nice, but you can't be a rape of violent and psychology.
You have to choose it."
This is Dr. Bob Children  and he's a village and psychology art.
And this Amy November, which is a magazine editor turned into illustration, entrepreneur and teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose them.
But it's more than that.
The notion of focused life is very widespread in our culture.
It's this idea of fate or the real vocal, the idea that each of us has something that you're going to do for your time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're somebody who's not connected in this way?
What if there are a lot of different issues that wake up their curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that you don't have a goal.
I will feel like there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a multiple.
A crowd is somebody with many interests and creative activities.
It's a battery like that.
It could help if it's divided in three parts: multiple and potential and day.
You can also use other terms of the same idea, as a crowd, research.
Over the time of the Renaissance, the ideal was who was well looked at multiple disciplines.
Barbara She refers to us as "secrets?
They use any term that you like or invent your own.
I think it seems like a kind of adapting to a community, we can't agree with a single identity.
It's easy to see multi-control as a limitation or activity that you have to win.
But what I've learned talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths of being this way.
Here are three multiple superconductors.
One: synesthesia of ideas.
That is, the combination of two or more fields and creation of something new in the intersection.
She was Shake Bang and Rachel Bing expressed their shared interests in cartography, and data visualization, travel, mathematics and design, when I founded Mexico.
Mexico is a company that creates Jewish inspired geometry.
She came up to Shah and Rachel came up with this unique idea by his eclectic mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where new ideas.
And multiplexis, with all their ancestors, can access a lot of these points of interaction.
The second multinational superpower is fast learning.
When the crowds are interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We are used to being principles, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and coming out of our comfort areas.
A lot of skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we put out, so we rarely start from zero.
North Dunetter is a full-time journey and independent writing.
As a piece of an incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest known.
Before you become a writer, Norway was financial planning.
He had to learn the finest selling mechanics when I started his practices, and this ability helps him write compelling launches for editors for publishers to do it.
It rarely is a loss of time to be devoted to what you are attracted to, even if at the end of the time.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have anticipated.
The third multiplicity superpower is adaptability. That is, the ability to transform whatever you need in a given situation.
Open Carlo is sometimes a director of videos, other pages of pages of websites, sometimes consultant of Kickstarter, sometimes teachers, and sometimes it would seem, James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles depending on the needs of their clients.
The Fast Company magazine defines adapting as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and unpredictable that these are the individuals and organizations that can be painted to satisfy the needs of the market, the ones that will actually thrive.
So synthesis of ideas, fast learning and adaptability -- three skills where the crowds are very honest, and three skills that could be lost if they're pressure to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest to foster the molecules to be themselves.
We have complex problems, military right now, and we need no conventional creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing that they wanted to be pediatric neurosciences.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are involved with a specialists and a moving crowd.
The specialists can dive deep and put in a practice of ideas, and the crowd offers a sense of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all have to design lives and careers that embrace the way we are connected.
And unfortunately, in a large part of the people in a large part of them are happy to be more like their specialized partners.
Once I said this, if there is one thing you take out of this talk, I hope it's this: reconstruct with the inner condom, whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then you are special for all media.
That's where you will give the best of you.
But for the crowds in the room, including those who just realized about being one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I tell you, reconstruct with their many passions.
Keep your curiosity for those rabbit marriages.
They explore the interactions.
Abress our internal wiring leads us to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, multiplexis, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In 1900, a woman called Audience took her to a psychiatric in Francisco.
He submitted and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alaska.
And I didn't know how to help Augustine, but she was flying through it until unfortunately, it failed in 1960.
After his death, Alaska did a self-replication, and they found strange and self-expecting plates in the Audience brain, of a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If you had been alive today, we couldn't give it more help that the one that Alaska gave him about 11 years ago.
Alaska was Dr. Law Alzheimer's.
And Audience Detergram, the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1900, medicine has advanced a lot.
They have discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from the infections, a lot of treatments for cancer, antiretroviral for HIV, statistics for cardiologists and much more.
But it has been produced in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for over a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million people, by the way, including many of you.
If you wait to live until the age of 85 or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's will be almost one of two of those.
In other words, there is the likelihood that their years are going on with Alzheimer's or helping care a friend or being loved with Alzheimer's.
In the United States, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical care is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today it is the most expensive disease, and its costs provide a five times in the year 2050, as the baby generation is older.
You may surprise them, but Alzheimer's is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the top 10 causes of death from around the world, Alzheimer's is the only one that can't prevent or cure or even release their development.
We understand less from Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause.
Because this is what few people know, but everybody should be: Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 14th years, everybody, even scientists, confused Alzheimer's with aging.
We think that it's going to be sensitive in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But it's only looking at a picture of a healthy brain in comparison with an Alzheimer's patient to see the actual physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to decreased a loss of memory and mental skills -- the damage to the Alzheimer's brain is significantly reducing life expectancy, and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plastics and strange splits in the Bronx brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places on the paper that are paralyzed.
And when it comes right, these sticky dots end up inside the inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the molecules protect each other, forming groups that can form large plates and bless.
That's what we see in the patients of patients with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this spread works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identification of what step blocks is complex, like decreasing a bomb.
Cooking a cable could do anything.
Cooking others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that block it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of them have reduced the wires and waiting for the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors and biologists, genetics, physicists, physicists, engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. It's now testing a new kind of drugs that blocks specifically this step to stop disease.
I'll show you some of our latest results.
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet.
Let's look at a few videos of what happened when I tried these drugs in worms in worms.
These are the healthy worms -- and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms -- on the other hand, have molecules of protein that stick into each other within them, as in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at an early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive result, but the research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 114 years of hope, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But in order to grow that hope, the Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to consider that Alzheimer's is a disease, and that if we try it, we can beat it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have learned more research and exercise pressure about governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislations.
That was essential to move on the treatment of HIV in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims of their loved days and night, are often too desolate to go out and advocate for change.
So really depends on you.
Alzheimer's is not in most cases a genetic disease.
Everyone with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Audience, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help talking for them, and they help to demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Modern New York Times in January this year.
To fall in love with someone, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience by testing myself one night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers get together to make 36 questions increasingly personal and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12: If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28, when was the last time you cried another person?
How about it?
As they move forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30, I really like it -- Tell your partner what I thank you from him or she -- I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you've ever met.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, I was also intrigued.
And when I had the occasion of testing this study, with someone I knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to love me.
However, we fell in love, and  And I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the column love Modern a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already August, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, are they still together?
And the reason I believe this is because I've been asked already this question over the last seven months.
And this is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published, he was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book over the last few years, so I had been used to writing about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entrance can come to a few hundred views of view as a lot, and those were usually only from my Facebook friends, and I imagine that my article in the New York Times will reach a few thousand views.
And that made a good attention of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But you know, I had no idea.
The article was published online, a Friday at night, and already the Saturday, this happened in my blog traffic.
And the Sunday -- I've already called the Uncle Show and the Google Marian America.
In a month, the article received over eight million visit, and I was, by saying something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster the confidence writing with signals on their own love, but another thing is to discover that the love life of one has been international news --  -- and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call it or writing, what they did every day for weeks, they always ask the same question: do they still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I did a quick search for my email in my email with the phrase, "Are you still following together?
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this.
They interviewed me on the radio and asked me.
I even gave a talk, and a woman raised to the stage, "Hey, "Hey Mandela where is your novel?
And immediately I got red.
I understand that this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the survey of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have made life itself.
In fact, the New York Times published a complicated article for San Valley, who included the experiences of readers when I test the study in these different degrees of success.
So my first impulse to all this attention was to be very resistant with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both made a public emergence together.
I picked up television interviews, and I read the pictures of pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the inflated icon of the love process, a range for which I didn't feel the absolute quality.
And I understand that people didn't want to know just if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really works, or it is, if it was able to produce lower love, not just an adventure, but love, lower love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship was just a few months, and I felt, especially people asked the wrong question.
How do you know if we were going to go together or not, and they will tell them?
If the answer was not, does the experience of asking these 36 less interesting questions.
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the researcher goal was not to produce romantic love.
Instead, I was looking for promoting an international approach between college students, using what Aron called the self-assembly personal and programmable and reception personal openness.
Sounds romantic. Right?
But the study does work.
The participants felt closer after doing it. A number of studies were used as long as they used the Praisic rapid protocol as a rapid way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between members of police and community, and they've used it between people of opposite political ideology people.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, which combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a small liberal arts university, and then a student came up to me and he said to me with symbolic," I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed decreased by it.
And I said, you want to say you fall in love with the person who did it?
Well, he made a pause one.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But they became better friends.
Do you feel that you were able to know better after testing the studio.
He sent it.
So, it worked. I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled up with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was running a really difficult separation of it.
I had had that relationship since I had 20, which I knew virtually all my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or I could live without him.
So I went back in science.
I investigate everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I hoped that that could somehow be vaccinated by the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I just researched for the book that I write for, but in retrospect, it looks really obvious.
I thought that if I was armed with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and alone as I felt then.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see me more clearly -- and I can realize that what I look for is sometimes more than you can reasonably demand me.
What I look for love is a guarantee -- not just about being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but that it will keep being loved by the person I love.
It can be that this is the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told about 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to fall in love.
There can be a way to somehow mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because love makes us feel beautifully, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The story of the story that I ask, still next?
And his content with an answer of Yes or not.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who you deserve your love and who doesn't?
How do you stay in love when things completely compete and how do you know when to cut and distance?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your parachute?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So if you want the brief version of my relationship, it is this: a year ago, a known and I apply a study designed to create romantic love, we fall in love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But in love is not the same as staying in love.
Look at the easy part.
So at the end of my article I wrote, love didn't happen.
We fall in love because we take the choice to be.
And I get a little bit excited about reading it now, not because it's not true, but because at the moment, I had not considered everything that was supposed to be that choice.
I didn't consider how many times we would have both to make that decision, and how many times you have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he will always choose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, will have chosen to love someone so generous and smiled and have expressed that choice in the largest daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily day.
But what I've done, instead, is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't really believe.
And what I look for, and what I may spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the happy end of my article -- which is, by the way, the only part of the article I didn't really write.
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose to love someone, and the hope that he will also love me, and it's frightening. But that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a few levels in full mountain and in a way, I got like a forest of the forest.
 New York City a time ago.  Something that really affected me, but more details later.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
He took a wooden box, and I buried a billion billion billion, a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought some strange humans or a few aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example, how we eat the spirits.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it's because here I'm 30 years later, and I'm still doing boxes.
At a time I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from expectation and surround and all those weird things -- and I was making a collapse for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I threw up all the pages and I made a kind of self-definitively cells to the Age Martin, the research covered and a bee was caught off.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more resident on the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it looked like it turned out of size, as if you look at the text with a magnifying magnifying text.
So what did I do? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs -- strange bottles that I was finding on the street, all I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and telling stories about these objects.
So I went to draw around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow throws, draw the same as a command on the scene of the crime.
And I took the objects and created my own taxonomy of specific specificities.
First, both boots that you can make an idea.
Then I made a few insects and strange creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resident layer.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Simpley.
It was great, man.
At some point, I am interested in the human form, social size sculptures with human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I die.
I didn't know what to do, because the queen was going to kill me.
And I was going to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in the glass layers, similar to drawing in a window -- then another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that they had a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resident.
So I did this for years, and my work culture with something very big that I call "The Tradition."
For the "Therapy, I was inspired by the large measure in "The Harbor of Dilomated Hillis who is a painting in the Product of Product in Spain.
Do you know that?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well, the tragedy." I'll explain this piece.
weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five meters long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left is Jesus and the languages.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, this discussion of analog mesh where they hide.
This is where creatures with animal heads are headed to the face, ready to be made in mass survival in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised from thousands of elements.
This is a bird god attached to a highway.
Billy Graham is in the sea, the Horizon oil platform -- Walker Palm Platfully, the Rome bin Laden. There are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
But also a kind of a music.
It's coming out of the ocean, and it hits oil in a hand while the other hand comes out of clouds.
Their hands are like balls and it looks like a mythological self that keeps Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's one aspect of the traditional."
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand in which he heard.
And then when you go on the other side, you have a transportation, like a peak of birds -- and you hit clouds of this trick.
It also has a 25-minute tail, a snake line that joins the "Therapy."
Anyway, his tail is going to get fire when you get on a fly.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in a color eyeball made from terrorist cards in 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards from the terrorists.
It takes me to my time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects. One is called "police?
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material being encyclopedia, dictionaries or magazines or magazine.
But each act acts as a kind of archive in ways of being human, and they travel into groups of 20, four or 12.
They're like cells, they're together, they divide down.
And you can walk between them. It's taking years.
Each one is basically a microscope of microscope that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside your inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head. It's the chest. You can get the entrance to it.
I'll go through the rest of the body -- there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or noncomera, or whatever it is, a kind of a long-term thing.
It's a quick break of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body for half a body.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that come out and enter the head of this strange statue here.
There is a little forest scene inside the torious cave.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Peter World.
Within this box there is a physicist, a neuroscience, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio, a mass, a school arm that diffuse all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
And we mentioned the box and all the people in the colone with each other as particles.
And I think that's how we change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box you're living in.
And together we come to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start exchanging those things with lunch and genuinely we're going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do they do when you hurt your head?
They take an app.
But so that this pill has an effect against pain, first goes through the stomach, the gut and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and powered system for any major drug drug in the body.
The disadvantage though, though, is that when you bring it any drug it does.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When they take antiretroviral drugs, these are serving to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the DNA cells.
But they're also known for their adverse side effects, in their most negative, because in time they stop getting to the blood stream, they draw, and worse still for the time they stop getting to their destination, which is where it is more important, in the HIV Desert.
These are the regions of the body as the lymph nodes -- the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is incentive and not easily in the blood stream of the patients that are attached to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the disruption of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of treatment of HIV with the current drugs that is a lifelong treatment of life addicted by the oral way.
And one day, I sat down, and I thought, "Could we make the treatment directly to the viruses, without the risk of dilemma disability?
As a scientific expert in lasers -- the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you use it in optimistic, for the care of wounds and diabetes surgery you can use for anything imagined -- including the intellectual transport of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes that open and shut up almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best thing you say, "How do you possibly be able to be possible?
We send a small and powerful laser ray on the cell membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
laser goes through the cell, whereas the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microbes.
Before you even realize the hole is immediately replaced.
We're currently testing this technology in particular or plate plates, but the goal is to take this technology into the human body, apply it to the human body.
"How that is? You can ask it.
Well, the answer is: through a three-dimensional device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an incentive in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed into the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributes the drug, releases it directly in the site of infection, while the laser is used again to maintain open cells.
Well, this doesn't look like a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total HIV eradication of the body.
Yes. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researchers -- in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've studied non-lethal groups.
I document what these groups do when they're not spread.
My goal is to understand better to these generating agents of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a display between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between the states and not government actors.
For example, from the 26-year-old peace agreement between 1975 and 2011, 1960 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we have to understand these groups -- we should even engage them or defeat them in any process of successful conflict.
But how do you do it?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do, but nobody looks at what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and policies are not really arrested.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to defeat them, without a global vision.
Today's armed groups are complex organizations.
For example, the Delopo Delopok, known by his violent face against Israel.
From their creation in the 1980s, He also established a political party -- a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Harvard Palestinian -- known by his suicide attacks against Israel, also administers the Gaza de Gaza since 2007.
So these groups make these groups more than simply shooting.
They're multiplying.
They set up a complex communication machinery -- radio stations, TV channels, Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the III magazine, printed in English and published to recruit it.
The armed groups also invest in a complex refugee of funds without sacred, but by profitable businesses, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they make hospitals, they put out of professional training programs.
He offers all these services and more.
The armed groups also try to conquer the population offering something that state doesn't go -- security and protection.
The approach of the Taliban in an Afghanistan depressed by war or even the beginning of the NSA ascent -- can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 in Palestinian Hamas cannot understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think of the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are horizon.
They grow because they fill gaps left by the government, and they emerge like armed groups and politicians, they participate in the violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated these organizations, the less we can compute them as something contrary to a state.
How do we call a group like Hello?
They dominate part of a territory, they manage all their functions, collect the garbage -- they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebellion group?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is ISAA?
The lines are destroyed.
We live in a world of states, with no state and horses, and the more weak states are the states, like in the Middle East, the more they intervene and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counteract these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
To fill that governance gap has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important also to establish and consume peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we will understand what incentives will offer to promote the transition of violence to nonviolent violence.
In this new dispute between states and notes, military power can win some battles but not give us peace or stability.
To achieve these targets we need long-term investments to fill that vacuum of security, to fill that gap.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist family.
My opinions about gender equality are versions, but I fear that accepting the "Filmmack tag would be unfair for feminism.
I'm a feminist but quite bad.
And therefore I get stuck like a bad feminist family.
Or, at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The bad Feminist, and then in the interviews, people started calling me the Bad Feminist.
So what started as a personal joke meant to myself and a deliberate agenda, has become a bigger thing.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was a young man, especially in my youth and at the age of 20 years, I had strange ideas about feminism, these furry women, angry with the men and they hated sex -- as if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, looks like a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when I was trying to be a feminist being.
Being labeled as a feminist was a heart, a taboo and unpleasant word.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow rules, which asks too much, high self-esteem and dare to believe it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that reverse woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman, and you can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I grew up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist, and also, proud of being proud of it.
For me, certain claims are irrelevant." Women are equal to men.
We deserve the same wave for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free of steel or violence.
We have right to use an easy way and accessible the contraceptives and the reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislative control or efficient doctors.
We have the right to the respect.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to have our other identities in account.
We're not just women.
We're people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality condition, social, skills and so much more.
We have to get these differences and how they affect us, the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evidence, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contractions.
There are a lot of things that make a bad feminist feature.
I have another confession.
When I drive the work, I hear rap music gains all volume.
Although the letter degraded the women and I was deeply offended -- the classic "Stop Shakespeare of the Bin Gang Taisters is incredible.
"Make it reality with your guardial ship.
Port, give her, move until you get my consumption?
Think about it.
Post poetry, right?
I'm completely motivated by my musical taste.
I firmly believe at the work of the man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  -- all the domestic tasks but also killing insects, the car collection and the machine maintenance and the manufacturing maintenance of the machine.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and beautiful things.
I can see "The Back and the romantic commands, and I have abstract fantasies of the fairy stories that make it happen.
Some of my blinds are more disappointed.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband, it's their choice, and I'm not who to judge it.
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise his children, accept that choice, too.
The problem is that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confined so that it makes women economically vulnerable.
We solve this problem.
I reject conventional feminism that has ignored or delivered historically the needs of women in color, workers and gay and transgendered women, in favor of white women, helicopters, middle class and high.
Listen, if that's good feminist -- I'm a very bad feminist here.
It also happens -- as a feminist -- I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put distributed feminist in a penetration.
We hope that they go to perfection.
When they disappoint, we will take them with a lot of love from the same penetration where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster, I already consider myself legislative from that penetration before you try to put me there.
Too many women, particularly the innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid to be labeled as feminism.
They're afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm feminist for fear to what that tag means, for fear to not be able to fulfill with little expectations of it.
Take Zei, or like I call it the God.
In the last few years it's a declared feminist in the last few years.
In the Museum of Music Adams in 2014, at MIT, I act in front of the word "Fisher for 30 feet tall.
It was a magnificent show, to see this star of the pop advanced the feminism and make women know and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
And spent the time, cultural critics started internal debates whether Beijing was or not exactly feminist female.
They called their feminism instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perfection of feminism, because we're still fighting a lot, we want a lot, we need so much we need so much.
We go far beyond the sensory and constructive criticism to design the feminism of any woman, to destroy it until nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminist, or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the participation point.
But what happens next?
We have gone from recognizing our imperfections to realize, to go to action and be a little bit more brave.
If I hear degrading music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing a boundless supply.
These artists will not change their way of talking about women in their songs until we get the change effectively affecting their profits.
It certainly is hard.
Why does your music have to be so pretty pretty pressure?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify this makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my niece, three and four years.
These are two magnificent girls and decided and brilliant and also very brave. I want you to grow in a world.
Where they get appreciated by the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, all of a sudden, the best option will look like something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is dealing with sexual violence against women as sports -- the Turbun Good.
We can change radio embrace when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to film in another part when movies don't treat women more than as decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports.
In any case, the men, especially white men, helicopters can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in their magazine, participate in their project, or work with you, until it doesn't include enough women, so much to participate to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication or your organization is more inclusive with a more broad range of people."
Those of us who are surprised but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also refuse to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision states.
Because we're not a lot of people. Without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to come to the top, people in the power of directors and film producers and music and mechanisms, CEOs -- the legislations, the people who can make big decisions, more brave.
We can also claim our feminism -- well, bad, or any of you.
The last line of my book "Mala Fisherman says, "I would rather be a bad feminist to not be at all."
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I tell you, especially because my voice was stolen and feminism helped me collect it.
There was an incident.
I call it an incident to deal with what happened.
A few guys folded me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me as a nothing.
I started to think it wasn't anything.
They stole my voice, and after all I didn't dare to believe I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And with it, I came back to writing.
I was reminded in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it wasn't anything.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started believing that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through the writing and the feminism -- I also discovered that if it was a little bit brave -- another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is nothing that the world tries to tell us that we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope we can all be a little bad, when you get such a value.
Right after Christmas last year, 133 children in California had measles for having visited Disney or to be exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Carbon.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a reliable immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century -- but many of the kids involved in the Diring outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something even worse, autism.
But a moment, was it not the article that unleashed the policy about autism and the described vaccines, disappointed and marked by being a fragment for the British Medical Journal?
Do you think most intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is a strategic?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world continue to keep vaccines to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the rising estimates of autism over time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician people who had heard about her create their whole professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed just three or four children per 10,000 children per 10,000.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started shooting out.
Forging organizations like autism Spanish are routinely referred to autism as an epidemic, as if it could be contained from another child in Diring.
What's going on?
If you're not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people from the Centers of Antarctica Center what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases as "crime "Cities and "The better Case Determine to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language is not a lot of the fear of a young mother who seeks on the face of his two years, the visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the case of autism so hard to find before the 1990s in the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less than to do with slow and cube progress of science than with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be false. And the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with an infant psychiatrist, Leo Kanna, from Johns Hopkins Hospital. In 1943, Kanni published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit private worlds, join people around their own parents.
They could have fun for hours by waving their hands before their faces, but they were prey of the panic for memory as when he didn't put their favorite toy in his usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kaner speculated that autism is very rare.
By the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, I declare that he had seen less than 150 true cases of their syndrome, while I gather references of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not to extract, because the Christians criteria for autism diagnosis were very restrictive.
For example, I managed to give that diagnosis to children with conventions, but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
And once he was race that he had turned nine out of every 10 children sent by other doctors to their business for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanging was an intelligent man, but part of his theories were not certified.
It classified autism as a form of child psychosis, caused by cold and disabled parents.
These kids, he said, have remained carefully in a refrigerator.
At the same time, though, Barney.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies, before I turned the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said, "Better Beijing."
But Kanzi had a bad opinion of these skills, taking things like kids were simply regulating what they had heard to their penguin parents, desperate for winning their approval parents.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started testing the Kaner theory that autism was weird.
Larry Window, the cognitive psychologist of London, thought that the theory of Mother greenhouse mothers was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm people and affective, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susan.
Lord and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susan without support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend to the National Health Service, they needed more resources for autistic kids and their families, Lord and his colleague Judith Google decided to do something that should have been done 30 years before.
They did a prevalence study in the general population.
Pinosks a suburb of London called Carle to try to find the autistic kids in the community.
What you saw left clear that Kaner model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids couldn't talk at all, while others were imprisoned in their fascination for the astronomical, in the dinosaurs or the genius of the real.
Otherwise, these kids didn't fit in nice, bear squares as Judy said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the Montana monolithic model would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did nobody have lost these kids before?
But then Lord found a reference to an article published in Germany in 1944, the next year to the Kaneranda article, and then he forgot -- buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kangla knew about this article of competition, but he avoided super-controlled to mention it in his own work.
There was not even a translation to English, but luckily, the husband of Larence was talking German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Apple, who led an integrated clinic with an inner school in the 1930s.
The ideas of Aspergen for teaching children with learning differences were progressive even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with kinds of exercise exercises with music, and kids followed their games on Sunday afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Asperger's described as a political disability of life that required compassionate forms of support and parking spaces during the course of all life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients as patients, Asperger's called them their little teachers, and it was dedicated to help in the development of education methods that were especially suited for them.
And fundamentally, Asperger's saw autism as a diverse continue that would bring a surprising variety of donations and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they've always been, looking at aspects of this continuum in architects known as the social scientist bottom and the teacher distributed.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a hint of autism is essential.
Lord and Judith discovered that Kaner was wrong in that autism was increasingly, so the parents were the causes.
Over the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of psychiatry to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called "Assistant Space."
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes came into video, by replacing the limited model of Kanzi by a wide and inclusive and inclusive approach.
These changes didn't fall in broken drawing.
Casted when Lord and Judith worked between fascinations to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before "Rand Man was out in 1988, just a small circle, through experts knew what the autism, but after the invisible inclusion of Dutch Howmanity as Rando Babbage and the recognition of "Rand Man with four Afghan prize and the recognition of "Rand Man: With four prizes of the Academy -- pedestrians, psychologists and fathers around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, they introduced the first easy clinical trials to use to diagnose autism.
I didn't have to have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son.
"The combination of "Rand Man -- the changes in criteria and the introduction of these evidence created a network, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnosis began to rise up, just like Preda and Judy, actually hoped that it was going to get the people with autism and their families finally got the support and services that are deserve.
So Andrew Washington came to blame vaccines for the increase in the diagnosis -- a simple, and seductive history story as bad as the theory of Kanger that autism was increasing.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum -- is right, the autistic groups are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles for solving the new medical advances -- taking the term neuroscientists to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows doesn't mean it's broken.
According to the autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, obviously, and suffering from a deficit to the details.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Apollo, who believed that the cure for the most exciting aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers -- employers with capability, and support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Bison Backs once said, "We need all the hands in covered to eradicate the barrier of humanity."
As we navigate to a uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as society.
We can't afford to waste or a brain.
Thank you.
